No. They lack the ability to apply critical reasoning and logic in certain circumstances. What they believe is ridiculous but that doesn't make them stupid. Arguing vehemently that those beliefs are facts in the face of evidence does make them stupid, but just believing without questioning makes them ignorant or incapable, not stupid.I have to say I found this a bit disappointing, his arguments against radiometric dating did have a little consistency but lacked real substance, as I am sure he is aware if he actually understands the topic as well as he appears.

 I do understand radiometric dating and his claims are flawed; we do not sample one rock at one location, we see consistency between many rocks in many different environments. Gases leach and desorb at known (measurable) rates and soluble compounds can be accounted for with little difficulty. We can also be as close to certain as is possible that we know the accurate decay rate of uranium. We know about half lives, these can easily be used in a highly accurate and reliable predictive capacity to determine the rate of decay simply by measuring the mass of uranium in samples over time. This has been done for many short lived isotopes of lower mass and there is no reason for uranium to be the only exception...

I was expecting a bit more than circular logic and appeals to authority, in this case the bible, from someone like him and, whilst I do commend him for being willing to discuss and defend his ideas, his arguments were weak at best. You can easily present scientific facts, like the speed of light which, in combination with the measured distance of stars, debunks his claim that "no facts disagree with the bible"; you can debunk his god based on self-contradictory scriptural quotes alone.

I hope he stretches before he attempts that mental gymnastics every morning!


All that aside, props to /u/offthekirbyoutube for actually making the video and at least attempting to support his and the professor's beliefs in a credible fashion, we might disagree on how successfully that was achieved but I strongly support the principle regardless.
Credit to you for that.Appreciate the follow up!No comment.

 but on an unrelated matter my friend Dermot is crazy strong.There is evidence that some natural hallucinogens have neuroprotective effects and are released by the brain to prevent brain damage. (For example ketamine is an NMDA antagonist and shows similar effects to those reported during some near death experiences. This may be because the brain releases a similar chemical to prevent glutamate neurotoxicity, accidents that release large amounts of glutamate are the same as the ones that are more likely to induce near death experiences) 

Various hallucinogens have been linked to neuroprotection in certain circumstances so it is possibly more to do with the brain trying to preserve itself from chemical damage and this has a side effect of causing hallucinations rather than the brain simply trying to comfort itself.I've had an out of body experience with a hallucinogen that felt like it was hours long, like literally hours verging on days. It was 15 minutes. I have also had a friend tell me that they "lived for years" and lived out a life in a trip. He was so upset and shaken that I have no reason to doubt him. Put me off tripping pretty much for good.I'd agree it is a red flag but not in isolation. I know that after my ex cheated on me I struggled to place trust in women but have never and would never cheat myself.This isn't always true, they might have just been cheated on before and struggling to trust. Sometimes you should cut people slack.Listen and ask questions where appropriate, read material in advance; take a genuine interest. Be honest about your own knowledge and abilities, most people don't expect much from undergrads; honest, keen, and friendly are more important than pretending to be more than you are. When asked why you are interested / want to do it / would be a good choice have a decent answer prepared: perhaps something along the lines of "I would love to lean more about X and also hopefully be as helpful and useful as possible!" 

Just be friendly but professional and show an interest is what  I am really trying to get at.LPT- Never clean your home, that way you won't be all whiny if people don't compliment your work.This is underappreciated.

Edit: Should clarify, I meant your comment, although I suppose it is also possibly true of your P-ness...I intend to get to this after all the other shit I do. Right after that though.I literally came here only to post a comment asking why the fuck this would be the appropriate place to post this. No ENTP, at least not one who accepts how they are most effective, would be even vaguely interested in this shit IMO. Have some upness.
Also if any other people are like myself then I know that when the shit hits the fan my work rate increases exponentially with pressure.

I can be productive, just not when I don't absolutely have to be.Boom, that's my jam right there! I generally have two modes, one where people think I'm hitting on them (apparently quite successfully.. but I'm not single so who gives a fuck) and thoughtlessly offensive and insensitive. Often these run in parallel in the same sentence.

Edit: make that three modes, the other is bored and emotionally incapable due to lack of investment.The polling sample makes a difference. A significant difference.
I notice that in the poll you cited that they do not indicate the Prolife and Prochoice proportion across the whole sample, to indicate whether this sampling was in fact representative. They also "randomly sampled" by asking for the youngest male in the household... I doubt the actual representative nature and veracity of the poll. Feel free to prove me wrong but what I have seen indicates that this poll was likely biased through dodgy sampling techniques and this was then disguised by the way the figures are reported and the curious approach to demographic breakdown that does not indicate the proportion of the demographic in their sample.

There are also other polls that indicate these results are unlikely.

> Do you think that abortions should be legal under any circumstances, legal only under certain circumstances, or illegal in all circumstances?


 |Legal in all circumstances| Legal only under certain circumstances | Illegal under all circumstances | No opinion
---|---|----|----|----
2016 May 4-8| % | % | % | %
 | 29 | 50 | 19 |2


> A law prohibiting health clinics that provide abortion services from receiving any federal funds

  |Favor| Oppose |No opinion
---|---|----|----
2011 Jul 15-17 | % | % | % 
  |  40 | 57 | 3 


> A constitutional amendment to ban abortion in all circumstances, except when necessary to save the life of the mother



  |Favor| Oppose |No opinion
---|---|----|----
2005 Nov 11-13 | % | % | % 
  | 37 | 61 | 2

Sure some of these polls are old but they are also fairly impartial.

Source: [Gallup Poll](http://www.gallup.com/poll/1576/Abortion.aspx)
Neutral perspective from a non-American: Trump was demonstrably the worse choice. You still got shafted.He was doing a good job until the synchronised exit.

I mean the a-team in the background with their indoor shades looks pretty ridiculous but he has a natural gift for looking as though foaming from the mouth is only seconds away from his current mental state.I'd like to see this guy lift up a pint of water.I call him **The Eraser**

 -

 ^because ^he ^has ^a ^pencil ^neck.One of the few videos I have ever bothered to watch on reddit. I would recommend.I get that feeling, we cool.Omni-Benevolence

The Lord is righteous in all his ways and kind in all his works. Psalm 145:17

But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness
Galatians 5:22

And Jesus said to him, “Why do you call me good? No one is good except God alone.
Mark 10:18

Omnipotence

And looking at them Jesus said to them, "With people this is impossible, but with God all things are possible."
Matthew 19:26

Then Job answered the LORD and said, "I know that You can do all things, And that no purpose of Yours can be thwarted.
Job 42:1-2

Omniscience

For whenever our heart condemns us, God is greater than our heart, and he knows everything.
John 3:20 

For he looks to the ends of the earth and sees everything under the heavens.
Job 28:24



Also for a bonus points:


In hope of eternal life, which God, who never lies, promised before the ages began
Titus 1:2

and 

And if a prophet be deceived when he hath spoken a thing, I the Lord have deceived that prophet. 
Ezekiel 14:9
The simplest is that God cannot have all three characteristics of Omnipotence, Omni-Benevolence, and Omniscience. Given our world as it is, cot-death, cancer in children, good people bad things etc, God cannot possess all three of the those qualities. God either doesn't care that so many shitty things happen, and is not omnibenevolant, he doesn't know and is therefore not omniscient, or he cannot stop it and is not omnipotent. 

Plus all the [self-contradictions detailed](http://thoughtcatalog.com/jim-goad/2014/05/30-pairs-of-bible-verses-that-contradict-one-another/) in scripture. Such as [directly contradictory factual statements](https://infidels.org/library/modern/donald_morgan/contradictions.html) or impossible events told as factual stories. This is ignoring the logical flaws of miracles etc. The Abrahamic god is literally impossible in the form set out by religious texts.The dude literally said Hitler didn't use chemical weapons on innocent civilians. Like what the actual fuck.A Nobel peace prize.

What in the actual fuck are you talking about? She made it possible to share papers for free. I approve. She didn't revolutionise the whole of science or even anything specific in her field, just reduced costs and the time overhead. I agree with her work but this comment is stupid on a lot of levels.I know researchers who have downloaded their own papers through scihub when they changed institutions and lost access to a certain journal.The access to journals through official channels is awkward and archaic. Plus they are very expensive if you need to write a lit review and need certain papers that your institution does not have available. *Obviously I would never pirate coz that would be a crime*... but speaking hypothetically sci-hub.cc is bloody amazing and way faster... hypothetically.

Research gate is also really useful.> it doesnt actually prove there is no God


Nope, it just shows that there are no gaps for a God of the gaps explanation. Life did not require supernatural intervention.

> God could have totally just done that and poof! life!

Possible but beyond highly improbable. A magic sky wizard that is outside of the laws of nature and has had no recorded intervention with humanity since the days of decent recording devices is not very likely. The self contradictions within Judeo-Christian texts mean that the abrahamic god is literally impossible anyway.


> I mean if there is one. Juries still out on that one.

The jury is only undecided for those that lack critical reasoning. For those that can understand logic and evidence it is already quite decisively concluded.

> I said a prayer today i did....will let you know if it actually works out tomorrow

Have you tried actually solving problems rather than appealing to a impossible deity? It has a much higher success rate.
I hope they managed to save his foot... by amputating the other less intelligent end.Whoahhhh there, didn't you remember that we are all "SJWs"...The main bastion of [Removed]Wow. Just... wow.If only some group of people could have tried to warn them about him... I am sure they would have listened to reason...

Ha.Twas the lizard people, they have replaced ~~Molestro Grabbyhands~~  ~~Scrouge McFuck~~  ~~The Twatbadger~~ ~~Complicit in Chief~~ ~~Коррумпированный президент~~ DJT and used him to further all the policies he said he was going to push before he was replaced. I can see straight through this![Theory] /u/MyLouBear has been killed and replaced with a puppet!

I may have no evidence to support this but I am certain it is true. I upvoted them once and now they're maintaining the same general attitude and demeanour consistent with previously expressed views and continuing in much the same fashion as they had previously. I am pretty certain of the reality of them being a puppet.Ha stupid liberals with their "not wanting to crush us beneath the capitalist behemoth in the name of greater profits for the rich whilst destroying any and all traces of decency and hope". When will you learn...

The GOP represents ~~corporate slavery and big money~~  *freedom* ^^^for ^^^the ^^^richest

I always wondered, who did they think donald trump was going to make america great for? He never implied it was for anyone but himself and his rich associates... I think they may have read too much into it...Nailed it. He is literally the greatest con-artist ever. Say what you want about his awful presidency but he has managed to turn being useless and terrible towards his core voters as a selling point, he told them this and they still voted for him. My point exactly, we almost entirely agree. They are complicated and work is definitely required. He might be an arsehole. He is very likely emotionally unavailable and did not satisfy her needs but none of this justifies her behaviour. It explains it without excusing it. Her infidelity  is on her, had she dumped him and he posted "my ex dumped me and said I am emotionally unavailable, what a bitch am I right?" I would be in agreement with you, but she cheated and in my opinion that is always unacceptable. Even if I do understand why it might have happened, she was the one to make those choices rather than sincerely work to fix the relationship or simply end it because it could not be fixed. That is not someone who has chosen to communicate and build a healthy relationship. She sounds like someone who is either selfish or so conflict averse that she will not express problems and try to deal with them. All the people bigging up her honesty are ignoring that this did not come out of the blue, she has clearly put herself in a position that built up to this happening and that is what I consider unacceptable, more so than the kiss itself. Why didn't she tell him she felt lonely? Why was she in the situation where it felt emotionally appropriate to kiss this other guy? Why didn't she just shoot him down? 

Sure OP is not perfect but if a relationship takes work why is she building the one with another man rather than trying to fix the one with OP?

She should have tried to deal with the problem as an adult in a committed relationship, not search for the qualities he lacks in other men. If he cannot or will not change and she cannot accept that then that is fair enough, I don't blame her for that. But then she has a responsibility to end the relationship, this is on her now because of her actions. The fact the relationship is in a bad place is a shared responsibility but she created this situation through her actions and lack of fidelity.I did not say that, I did not even imply that. 

Would the relationship have been better if OP had met the needs of his partner? Probably, almost definitely. 

But what about if OP simply cannot meet the needs she has? Should he have to totally change to satisfy her? Perhaps they are simply incompatible personalities.

She had a responsibility to discuss this with him and for them both to decide how to approach this or she should have ended the relationship with him. Cheating is her choice, her mistake, and her fault. The emotional infidelity that evidently occurred prior to this mistake is also on her, she could have ended it with him or tried to fix it without being unfaithful in both her actions and intent. It is that simple.

 Is OP half the reason for the bad relationship? Definitely, I don't disagree with that; both must take some responsibility for a bad relationship. Is he responsible for her cheating? Definitely not. That was her choice and it is all on her. There is no excuse for infidelity, she could have communicated with him and if that didn't work she should have ended the relationship.Be careful applying topical steroids to areas of broken skin, some can lead to kidney issues.She had grown so close to another that it felt appropriate to kiss him. The events leading up to this were emotional infidelity. This should have been dealt with long before the kiss but that does not excuse her in the slightest. If OP was aware of her discontent and then this occurred then it is a bit different but SHE was still the one who fucked up. Maybe OP is emotionally unavailable, some of us are. Perhaps she should have discussed this with him or broken up with him, not go on to create heartache, anger, and drama because she didn't try to deal with this earlier or drawback from what is clearly emotional infidelity. She felt guilty after the kiss but there has been an avoidable build up to that situation that she could have tried to deal with in advance. 

A partner that looks elsewhere for something that you are lacking in is not a decent partner. Sure OP might be lacking but this is on her. She is in a committed relationship with him and if she thinks he isn't for her then her responsibility is to speak to him and then they can either end or fix the relationship before this kind of thing occurs.I'm actually enjoying trump supporters being miserable a lot less than I anticipated. I mean I am still enjoying it but some of them are people with genuine grievances inflicted upon them by the rich ruling class of the USA; they should have been dyed-in-the-wool Bernie supporters had they actually cared about policy over rhetoric and were not taken in by a complete demagogue. I don't have much sympathy but they were conned by a narcissistic liar and now he is fucking them the hardest. Although I am still loving the #MAGA motherfuckers who are still buying this crap, those crazy bastards don't even know they are being reamed!Your online life will come back to haunt you and your teenage angst filled years are recorded for posterity beyond that of any previous generations. Your stupid posts will always be there...ITT a lot of people blaming OP for his girlfriend cheating... coz she was incapable of talking to him before it got to this stage... or just not cheating.I'd have bounced. 

By my judgement you have two decisions to make:

1) Can you trust her from now on?

 If you are always secretly wondering about this then the relationship is pretty much doomed. Trust and respect are foundational to a healthy loving relationship and she broke that. She could have spoken to you but instead she got close to this guy and fucked up by kissing him. Also I would expect any girlfriend of mine to be shooting down any guys trying to give them attention, not getting themselves into a situation where kissing them felt appropriate. I wouldn't do that to them, if the relationship isn't giving her what she needs then she should have spoken to you not got close to some other guy. I would see that as a final straw but I am an untrusting emotionally inhibited arse so each to their own.

2) Can you forgive her and can you fix this problem so you are both happy?

 I would say that if the answer is no then you should end the relationship. This is not simply a kiss but more an emotional infidelity. You do not fulfil something that she feels she needs so she found it elsewhere... If you can't solve this problem then she is probably not the girl for you. My girlfriend knows me and knows what I am and what I am not. She doesn't go searching for those qualities in other people, that would strongly suggest to me that she wasn't actually into me but an idealised version... THIS would be a definite dealbreaker for me.

So I'd dump her. Your situation may be different, you might be able to work something out. IDK. But I'd say fuck that and get something better going on, someone who communicates rather than cheats would be my vote...

Edits occurred...I have this exact problem on both hands (I believe it was aggravated by previous minor chemical burns), although I have managed to reduce the rate of recurrence significantly. 

I am not one for product endorsements but I would strongly recommend using Bodyshop body butter or Cien body butter (Which I am currently using, it does not seem to moisturise as well but it is significantly cheaper than the bodyshop stuff) to try and moisturise without causing further itching. Any other products I have found to be either ineffective or actually made it itch to an unbearable degree and I have tried a lot! This has helped a lot during any recent periods of infection!

 I have tried the doctor prescribed steroid creams and also antibiotics and have had no success. I have also tried using moisturiser and then barriers like vaseline and even moisturisers, barriers and cotton gloves when it has been particularly bad and these did all help to some degree but definitely did little to actually solve the problem and often itched worse than simply ignoring it.

Try to always moisturise after washing your hands or showering etc and use a thick body butter type moisturiser. I have tried the pharmacy style perfume free emollients but they were just not as effective as the body butters at the actual moisturising. Also avoid antibacterial hand wash if possible, the alcohol in this has a significant effect upon the skin and standard soap + careful washing will be all that is necessary for the majority of the time. Plus do you utmost to not scratch and cause the skin to become raw or scabby; although I know how difficult this is in practice, it does make a big difference to how long it actually remains itchy and aggravated! If you can effectively moisturise and possibly treat with antibiotics, if the doctor thinks this is necessary, then you can at least get it to a totally manageable point if not gone altogether!

I do still have issues with this but I have got it to a manageable point where it no longer flairs up and becomes unbearable or extremely raw and prone to infections. I am intending on trying a **very** dillute baby bottle bleach bath and will report back and let you know if this has any success if you are interested?

Edit: And obviously try whatever your doctor recommends!I'd know that god existed. I wouldn't "believe" as you don't need belief or faith if you can check the evidence. I also wouldn't support any of the repugnant institutions or the morally hideous creator detailed in the bible. I would still behave in the way I consider moral and that does not include killing witches, homosexuals or adulterers so I would explicitly go against the creator of the universe just to be a moral individual. I would also refuse to sacrifice anyone. 

I'd have a lot of fucking questions for the allegedly omnipotent, omniscient, and benevolent dickwad that didn't stop the torture of innocents or disease etc and to be frank I don't think there is a good enough answer to justify this. Free will is a cop-out, I don't have the free will to fuck my own ear or live without a head. I can't choose to disobey the second law of thermodynamics or gravity so why should I have the free will to be a child molestor or commit mass murder or disbelieve in god? Surely these could have been wrapped up in some sort of fundamental kinda deal, like literally making it impossible for someone to ruin the life of a child... that would be pretty incredible and a truly moral action. One that god would be capable of making, so why not? Why not prevent that molestation from being possible? Surely god knows what everyone is thinking so he could easily separate the molesty souls from the non-molesty ones without an actual physical test? Why allow people to be tempted at all? Surely god could have created perfect beings with free will but made them all feel well disposed towards each other?

Well you get the drift. I would have some serious questions for any god that turned out to actually exist. The daily mail is very right-wing not liberal at all.I would have never forgiven my parents had they done it to me. It is genital mutilation plain and simple. Whether you feel it is okay to mutilate the genitals of children or not is irrelevant, if the individual cannot give their express consent then you should not operate upon them without medical necessity.Actually quite a lot of people say they have to do it to their kids... which is literally maiming their children because of their beliefs.And you can choose to be circumcised. Don't force it on children who cannot consent. It carries a non-zero risk of permanent damage to the penis beyond mere removal of the foreskin and that decision should not be taken on behalf of someone else without direct medical necessity.Nothing cuter than a cirrhotic fatty liver!Well now you know that instruction videos exist I hate to imagine how terrifying your terrorist endeavours will be!Time for genital mutilation of all forms to come to an end. We need to move past this hideous practice derived from ancient outdated customs.I'm so grateful for the youtube video explaining this! Although I am worried about other people having access to this highly dangerous information!I always thought it taught that despite being all powerful the only way god can solve large scale problems is mass murder and killing many innocents and animals.> THAT, is fuking annoying, you just can't win an argument with religious people

You win every argument, they often just don't realise they lost...You can also complain through [the press regulator IPSO](https://www.ipso.co.uk/) if you have a valid complaint that falls within their criteria. 

If you do decide to follow this route then please remember that it is the editor and the specific article in the paper about which you are complaining, not the individual journalist. (AFAIK)Wait it's the pointy end that goes in the other person with force??? Mindblown!

I hate tabloids.> Now THIS is some real, interesting shit! While I'm familiar with String Theory and Loop Quantum Gravity, I have not heard of this approach or this paper. I'm going to spend some time reading it.

Glad you are interested, aside from our main debate I would also highly recommend reading up on the holographic model of the universe ([A good jumping off article is here](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/04/150427101633.htm)) if you have some spare reading time and haven't already heard of it, another fascinating concept that has some surprisingly strong suggestive evidence in its favour!

> Lowest possible energy, which is non-zero. It's not "nothing." It's close to nothing. It's the most physical space that can be nothing, but it's not nothing, because nothing itself is a concept which cannot be physically realized.

I see your point on this, I would define that space as nothing but you are not wrong in what you say. I would still maintain that **if** space is an emergent phenomena then this would be invalidated but, as we don't know either way yet, I can definitely understand your argument for this not being true creation ex nihlo.

I do think that it is evidence for reality based creation ex nihilo *paene* or as realistic idea of nothing as can exist; creation from nearly nothing that cannot be reduced to nothing in reality seems to be the same as nothing to me. That said though, I cannot deny your argument on this, I think my semantic quibbling doesn't really undermine your point that it is not truely nothing.

 EDIT: Either definition is still justified as being opposite to the premise of OP's argument, the use of there being no creation ex nihlo by the OP was incorrect as they assumed that nothing within the universe can only be nothing. As I define nothing it can create something or, as you say, you cannot really have nothing so there is always something - OP is still wrong about this being a valid premise regardless of which definition we use!

I still think the dark energy argument is weak, it is the equivalent to describing a force that expands the jar of nothing and then saying look the nothing got bigger therefore it is not nothing.


EDIT: Also just  to respond to everything: I don't think either of us think the QV is an empty void that is why I described it as spontaneous creation ex nihlo, I think we just disagree over whether it can justifiably be called nothing and I do think you make some valid points about this although I am not sure I entirely agree with you that we cannot call it nothing.The quantum vacuum is a space containing no matter and fields with just ZPE, if your argument is that creation ex nihlo cannot occur because we cannot have nothing then I can see your point although I am not sure that there exists a more practical definition of nothing than a place with no matter that is also at the lowest possible energy. That is as nothing as nothing can be to our knowledge and yet *ex nihlo* creation occurs still. 

Your argument is also based upon spacetime being a something,  it could also be an emergent phenomena due to quantum entanglement, I believe [this is the article](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.08444)  and [this page explains it in a reasonably abridged format.](http://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2016/07/18/space-emerging-from-quantum-mechanics/) The quantum vacuum could be the root cause of space-time, nothing fluctuating with ex nihlo creation may actually create space-time by entanglement.

I also think your argument for dark energy proving "nothing cannot be more nothing" is weak. If I had a perfect vacuum in a jar and another larger perfect vacuum jar then that could reasonably be described as nothing and more nothing, albeit with some inaccuracies as to it being nothing... So the fact that you can have a nothing that occupies a greater volume than a different nothing seems quite reasonable, you can have more nothing if you do not seek to define the size of that nothing by what it does not contain. 

If you mean nothing as having no spacetime then you do not have a metric by which to measure it according to our current models but that does not mean that there is not some possible metric beyond those which we know.

In case that word salad above wasn't clear, what I mean is that you can define a region of nothing in terms of space and then define a larger region of nothing also by space. You just cannot describe it in terms of particles (if both are 0), the thing by which you define nothing cannot also be used to define the region that nothing occupies.

> ex nihlo

They literally come into existence out of nothing, the quantum vacuum is by definition nothing. It is empty space... I don't understand your perspective on this. 
Yeah you are right about the observable universe. I would maintain that his assumption of the universe being finite is unfounded but I take your point.

As for quantum vacuum fluctuations, virtual particles created due to this are spontaneous creation ex nihlo, the net sum of the particles is zero and they usually self annihilate but they are as real as any other particle. See Hawking radiation for a large scale example of this. Sure some examples of virtual photons would not count as ex nihlo but, as I understand it, vacuum fluctuations genuinely are.Actually [creation ex nihlo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vacuum_state) does occur and spontaneously too. Nothing can come from nothing is a false premise. Hawking Radiation occurs due to this phenomena and many people also think that the casimir effect is due to this.

Also objects in the universe are part of a [countably infinite set](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Countable_set). You could count them all in an infinite amount of time or something but they are still infinite **if** the universe is infinite. Objects being finite in number is a huge assumption.

Edit: to clarify a bitI was going to write something like this (without the free will bits as I know nothing about that)

If you don't understand the maths of quantum mechanics then you don't understand quantum mechanics and to quote Richard Feynman, "If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don't understand quantum mechanics." I trust his judgement on that and I have spent quite a lot of time studying quantum mechanics.Show me a philosophy student who claims to understand quantum mechanics well enough to show that you cannot refute god and I'll show you a liar with a big ego who sucks at calculus.I stopped a kids foot from probably getting pulled into an escalator after it grabbed his shoe. I managed to grab his foot and just used brute force to tear through the bit of the shoe that was getting drawn into the escalator. It was all over in a split second and it didn't occur to me until afterwards just how bad that could have been. Also for all the stories about parents being shitty his were really grateful once they realised I wasn't the worlds stupidest kidnapper and the kid explained why a strange man had grabbed his foot from behind!Just to expand upon this, TEDx can be organised by ANYONE who gets a license. 

There has been research into remote viewing by the military and they have apparently abandoned the practice due to it being no better than guesswork. I am yet to see any peer reviewed evidence for remote viewing or a suggested mechanism for how it could plausibly work.Religion is like a penis, it is fine to have one, it can be fun and rewarding (well I assume religion can be) but if you start trying to stick it down the throats of others, especially children, or shouting about it in public or using it to harass others or even trying to persuade people they should teach your opinions upon your thing in schools as fact then we have a serious problem.

My own personal opinion is that all religions are inherently ignorant and limit progress and scientific endeavours that are key to advancing, living within, and protecting the societies of the modern world but I wouldn't try to stop **you** believing in nonsense, as long as you don't try to oppress others due to your beliefs. I just also freedom from your religion. Relgion should not infringe upon secular society. If your religion does not cause you to discriminate or preach things that are actively harmful to people, such as guilt, sexual repression, scientific inaccuracies, or intolerance, then I won't bother you.

EDIT: I hate organised religion as it almost never conforms to what I consider to be the requirements of any organisation in a modern society, it goes against most things listed above. I will support Christianity, Islam, etc when they start embracing tolerance, equality, innovation and progress and stop spreading misinformation as fact... but I guess this does go against their key teachings. Basically keep yours private and I'll keep mine private but if you start demanding special treatment or dispensations based upon your beliefs or opinions then I will try to prevent you from succeeding. 

I don't think relgion should be removed, I think it should be brought out into the light and exposed for everyone to observe in total clarity. I want people to be able to understand their choices and opinions, even if they maintain the ridiculous ones. I am against oppression and enforced thinking, even if they would end up thinking the right thing!You too, we might disagree but at least we could both articulate our opinions coherently! I know many people on both sides who couldn't claim that achievement.I can see your point but agreed supremacy is not a loss of sovereignty.

Parliament remained sovereign even though they did give some authority to the EU. Around 13 % of UK law was influenced by the EU... So parliament was in control of 87 % of the laws and it was also parliament that voted to give EU law supremacy; if they had voted against EU law being enforced then, whilst the EU may take punitive measures, the law of the land would still be that which parliament dictated i.e. parliament is sovereign in the UK.I have never claimed that the referendum shouldn't be enacted, I dislike the result but it was what it was. I think it is an awful action that will cost us but I wouldn't argue to stop it. 

Just don't try to claim all that sovereignty and democracy rhetoric and bollocks was a real argument; I could construct a more reality based argument than that and I decided to vote remain. I voted based upon weighing the pros and cons rather than the rhetoric of either side. I looked up the information and made my decision based upon the objective facts concerning the issues that were of significance to me. We never lost sovereignty, we just agreed to certain policies we thought would benefit us, a lot of them did.The conservatives won 38% of a 70% turnout. They represent the opposite of my own political opinion. I don't want them destroying this country, most people don't want them destroying this country. 30 % of the entire country feel too disenfranchised to actually vote. Democracy only works when people are informed and educated, otherwise they just vote for the best liar.

This government does not represent this country. They represent only a small fraction but they have managed to rig the system, with help from a pathetic opposition, to their own benefit. They are destroying all public services and trying to throw anything they can lift to the mercy of the free market whilst threatening civil liberties, privacy, human rights and increasing the wealth gap by more than any other democratically elected UK government. Brussels having a bit of control to prevent some of the more rabid craziness wasn't so bad.I may not have a crystal ball but I can tell that leaving a free trade bloc does not seem conducive to better trade deals. Europe has always been our largest trading partner way before we were members of the EU and I don't see the benefit of ending this arrangement. Perhaps we could strike a trade deal with a large number of like-minded countries, encourage free trade and build a powerful group of states that support each other economically... Oh...shit...Which specific part of the regulations are oppressing us? The quality demands? The workers' rights legislation? I don't know which bits of the trade regulations were actually oppressive without having any more significant benefits. Deregulation is easy to call for but in practice I don't know what you think the benefits will actually be. I would genuinely like to understand and maybe feel a bit more positive about this situation.

EDIT: What's with the downvote, I didn't even shit upon anyone's ideology... Switzerland is a member of the european free trade area. The UK will not be. They are talking about cutting basically all ties to the EU at least for the next few years until trade deals are negotiated. I don't think these deals will be better for the country and economy than free trade.A nuclear power - Irrelevant, we are still a part of the treaties relevant to this.
Powerful military - Irrelevant, We aren't going to invade France and we will still be a part of NATO.
Best intelligence agencies - Information sharing will likely continue regardless, we need their information as much as they need ours.
Trade - We need the food and goods to keep our economy afloat.

Europe would be harder hit by other countries also leaving, like France and Italy which are showing signs of wanting to split, than it would be by being extremely punitive against the UK. We have a service driven economy. If the EU introduced prohibitive barriers then we would be hardest hit and it would likely discourage other countries from leaving adding to the EU's economic stability.
The Eurozone is fragile and the greater threat is from countries leaving than the UK sinking. They have all the power in this negotiation, why else wouldn't Theresa May reveal her initial position? Why are the UK resigned to "hard brexit" which will certainly damage our economy severely? We aren't going to come out of this happy in the end, I'd put money on that. You don't leave the biggest free trade zone in the world and get a better trade deal, it is that simple!
I will. I also know of a lot of academics that are either looking for work in Europe or are moving back to their home european countries, even as they are currently still commuting to the UK to work. All the talent will leave if the country keeps blindly heading in this terrible direction. Congratulations to May, she might have actually done more to fuck the country up than fucking thatcher.They still will. We need trade with Europe. Look at the history, look at the geography. We need European trade for food if nothing else. Britain took the first of many steps to becoming one of two things, it will either be a fax machine democracy where we have to abide by trade rules that we have no influence upon or we will become a tax haven, where the richest park their money and pay little tax in a country run for their interests rather than those of the populace.

I dislike the EU as an organisation but leaving now was the worst of all possible decisions. Just watch.It might be good for business but it is terrible for rights, freedoms and anyone who is not upper class. Surprisingly the business owners are generally looking forward to an English speaking tax haven with insanely low corporation tax and a massively underpaid working class. Money doesn't define quality of life. Theresa May, the moron "leading" the country,  is the same arsehole who called for the abolition of human rights, favouring "a bill of rights and responsibilities." Anyone who wants to take human rights only wishes to do so for one reason, so that they can violate those former rights. Fuck this government, fuck big business and their  collective corporate obsession with money and fuck the race to the bottom that is going to be kicking in before too long. Most of all FUCK BREXIT.I would totally agree with you except every leave voter I have met or know has been a either a bigoted racist or an idiot with no real understanding of either economics or politics. I don't think only racists voted to leave... but I do think that nearly all the racists did vote to leave.In the short-term definitely. It is not that long since the previous world war. We are not so different and distant from those who fought back then. This period of stability and peace is not guaranteed, whilst I hope I am wrong I do think that the economic issues caused by Brexit and also the rise of fascism, both the Islamic fundamentalists and the far right, could well lead to political and diplomatic issues that could potentially cause some terrible consequences.Well peace, prosperity, economic and social stability, and trade were all overrated in my opinion. /sI thought this only applied to actions taken as president and not crimes committed prior to being president.I don't need everyone to like me and, for those that don't like me, I don't care if they insult me. Banter amongst myself and my friends is harsh, hilarious, and heavy (But meant in a friendly spirit, if anyone is actually having a shit time of it then the banter gets toned down for them). If a friend actually meant an insult they directed at me I don't think I'd notice and even if I did I wouldn't be that bothered. I may contemplate its validity and try and do something about it if I think they had a point, otherwise fuck it. Laugh, fire an insult back, and move on with life.Or both guys. Both is a very reasonable proposition. That and a greedy face to the corporations that are focused upon turning America and the American people into something that only the richest can benefit from.You didn't ask a question.Nailed it.Okay. America, I like you guys but can you send him a note or a decent geography textbook or something and ask him to stop fucking the world up for the rest of us.Remember them. Remember their best. Remember them as the people they were, as the person you knew and loved. Think of them often and let their actions live on in your words, thoughts, and deeds. Live happily so as to make them proud because they mattered to you and speak of them when you teach others the things they taught you. I try to be grateful that I was fortunate enough to have them as a part of my world. 

Death is a tragedy and always a loss which, despite the pain, must be faced head on, grieve, mourn, remember and miss them. Keep the memories and love that they gave you alive and then that part of them lives on with you, share it and then it lives on with those you have shared with too. The impact we make and the moments we share are a part of us that can live on beyond our own years, we stay alive in the hearts of others for as long as we are remembered by them.

That would be the best explanation I could try to give, I think it is kinda beautiful to think of the best of them as living on in our memories; that we are the ones who keep a part of them alive.And destroying environmental protection legislation. Pure love is the best.You paint a bleak but pretty accurate picture. It was painful reading this tbth. The left needs drive and direction and currently it has neither. This does neglect the acceptance of neoliberal economics and budget slashing by centrists with little argument from the left  and the rightwards running media companies that dictate the terms of the debate. I think the left in Britain has suffered a huge set back but this conservative party are running the country off a cliff. I think people will begin to realise once the dust begins to settle from brexit and the price of food plus terrible worker rights begins to really start to destroy people's lives. The conservatives will have taken so much away from so many that I think they are unlikely to ever recover.

The right can never succeed as their policies inherently disenfranchise the majority. The left needs to become fired up and focused. Speak of freedoms, realistic economics, and equality, take the reigns of the the debate and veer away from security, cuts, and special treatment of specific groups."Being dark and mysterious with hidden depths whilst also very open and honest. Very intelligent and knowledgeable, not giving a single fuck about authority without being all "I-don't-give a-fuck-coz-I-am-a-badass-lame", witty and funny, effortless conversation about anything, and confident in a very capable and sexually attractive way."

"Oh and you're kinda a dick to everyone without being too harsh most of the time."

I cheated and asked the audience. Apparently these characteristics add up to charm.Swearing is for fucks with limited and shitty vocabularies. /s

Well apparently people who are more honest tend to swear more... I am brutally honest and swear like a motherfucking sailor!i recommend tattooing them upon the backs of friends for international dissemination, although this will only work until they ban both friends and clothing.The fine tuning argument can literally be refuted by two observations; one, that by far an away the vast majority of the universe is incredibly inhospitable to life and two, as we exist this universe must be hospitable to life. In a universe that is inhospitable to life we couldn't have the debate. As this argument is unfalsifiable, we cannot ever have the debate in a universe that is entirely unsuitable for the chemistry of life and we do not know if there is a combination of physical constants that would make the entire universe more suitable for life (or even if we are the only possible form of life), it has no merit.

Of course the universe that has life in it is a suitable place for life to exist... if it wasn't then life wouldn't exist.I use signal for private messaging but it is almost certain that governments can monitor the content through no fault of open whisper systems. I would be very surprised if the USA and UK hadn't computed nearly all the relevant primes necessary to break asymmetric encryption. I think we need an app that allows for symmetric encryption and manual key sharing with a unique key for each user... but then they just compromise the O.S... so basically we are all being watched.Woahhh there, that would be against the law and if there is one thing that mass-murdering terrorists are known for it is their strict adherence to the law!
It's not like terrorists could just arrange to meet in person or pass notes written in code... or manually encrypt prior to sending. OR encipher before typing or use one time pads or book codes or stenography or radios or encrypted email or dead drops. We must stop this end to end encryption of commonly used technologies!Yeah nearly all "libertarians" on here are right wing nutters who like mantras like "All taxation is theft" and demand all social welfare and collective funding is dismantled. A political philosophy that sounds wonderful until the first outbreak of dysentery due to there being no publicly funded sewers and the first building collapse due to a deregulated building industry... So people are either forced to pay companies and enrich individuals that are already wealthy or suffer because they can't afford these services. It is basically equivalent to supporting massive tax hikes against the poor whilst charging the richest less and providing them possibilities for profit by buying up essential services into monopolies and owning police forces, that is why the rich right wing loves advocating for right "libertarianism"

Left-libertarianism is quite diverse in character with some anarchists being very left wing and advocating for things that are equally ridiculous as right-wingers but the more moderate forms just advocate for social protections, a small as possible state that protects citizens, enforcing laws, providing services etc and keeping protective regulations enforced whilst also strongly emphasising personal freedoms, generally meaning that anything that doesn't harm others wouldn't be a crime. Individuals have the most freedom possible.

Right-libertarianism advocates for corporate freedoms and deregulation to benefit the richest individuals and largest groups. This is actually inherently in opposition to libertarian ideals of freedom, they simply seek freedom from state intervention.

That's a very abridged version but there is a lot of info out there if you are curious I recommend a look.