Once your security camera got his face, you could make a "wanted dead or alive" poster.But the whole plan has to be legislated.  Would the politicians not argue forever about the exact amounts?  With arguments such as "that plan would cheat poor innocent children."
Not just fraud.  Loopholes, tax shelters, tax havens, etc.  Keep in mind that the richer the 1% gets, the smaller a percentage of their wealth they have to spend on tax lawyers and tax experts to get the maximum possible tax advantages without committing actual fraud.
If we haven't really been trying, what is going to make us really start trying now?  What's different now?Then they would hoard gold, diamonds, art, etc., to avoid inflation.

Would the value of the UBI keep up with inflation, if the inflation itself was funding it?How many years have we been trying to come up with a loophole-free scheme and get it enacted?> Done.

Are you sure?  It doesn't seem done to me.  It seems to still be cooking.The original reason for not allowing food stamps to be used for hot food was probably that they didn't want them to be used at places like McDonalds.  Politicians and bureaucrats sometimes have good intentions but are hardly ever competent to make those good intentions reality.Are you serious?  $5-6 per gallon of milk?  I don't think I've ever seen it that high.You could do what Robin Williams did on Mrs. Doubtfire, or what Dustin Hoffman did on Tootsie.
Or just wear scrubs with your surgical mask and say it's an emergency.> package tracker provided doesn't work

What are the symptoms of its not working?Use uBlock Origin.  Then Google can only accumulate info about you when you actually use Google.  And you can avoid using Google by using some other search engine.  There are zillions of them.  The only way Google could violate your privacy if you took those measures would be if your ISP sold your info to them.
Why would they apply for volunteer positions if they didn't have dedication and willingness to learn?  The fact that they apply, and that it's a volunteer position with no pay, should be all it takes to qualify.  Good luck even getting enough applicants.
A billion is the new million.We need more lawsuits like this to push cops towards being civilized.Why not a security camera aimed at the newspaper?Look up "transparent" and "translucent".  There is a lot of science involved, and it's worth learning.You often discover you're doing something wrong, and have to backtrack a lot, which makes a lot of your work seem wasted.  But it's not wasted, because you had to do it, to discover you were doing it wrong.  That's a big part of what programming is all about.

Some of the worst code comes from programmers who refuse to backtrack, but just keep patching it up, to keep moving forward.You could invent a better Java, and write a program to translate it to Java so it can be used.  With very little experience/knowledge, there will be a fair amount of pain, but if you succeed, you will gain a lot of experience/knowledge from doing it.The constitution is still being eaten by rats.  Before you know it, it will be completely ratified.
Maybe he isn't even thinking about the shirt.  Maybe he's focusing on the camera, and not used to having his picture taken.The idea that children would get nothing does not sound politically feasible.

And the idea that it should be cost neutral for children, could cause arguments forever, about how much children really cost, or really should cost.  In a big city some parents might spend an order of magnitude more on their children than some parents in small towns might spend.It seems to me this might be one of the biggest complications of basic income and people might argue about it forever.  And if there is proposed legislation towards basic income at some point, this kind of complication might be what gets the proposal bogged down and going nowhere.  Therefore, we might need better solutions than just making it arbitrary.The kind of software where you don't write your own parts.It seems possible that power cycling your modem might do something on your PC to fix it.  Such as reset the Ethernet adapter or something.This thread inspired me to write a program to calculate the number of upvotes and downvotes from the total and percentage, because the total and percentage are shown but the number of upvotes and downvotes aren't.  I just like to write a lot of short programs that don't do anything worthwhile.  As of 8:24 AM EDT 4/16/2017 it calculates 59759 upvotes and 23239 downvotes.You might want to check out rosettacode.org which purports to present the same programs in a lot of different languages.Some languages are easier to Google than others.  For example, Haskell has tons of documentation that's easy to access by Googling Haskell + whatever your question is.Just because tachyons don't exist, doesn't mean they don't exist.  When you deal with something as weird as tachyons, existence itself becomes confused.You should also try power cycling your cable modem or DSL modem.  When I have similar symptoms, that often solves the problem.To clarify the problem with going faster than light, you have to accelerate to go faster.  Acceleration burns energy.  The amount of energy you would have to burn to exceed the speed of light is infinite.  The reason why it's impossible is that it's impossible for infinite energy to even exist, much less be burnt by your efforts to speed up.
Update April 15 early evening:  The milk prices at Walmart and Aldi are still the same: 85 and 84 cents per gallon.  Meijer's price went down to 99 cents per gallon.  The price of eggs at Walmart and Aldi is 68 and 67 cents per dozen grade A large.

I still want to know if this is only those stores, or are other stores involved in the price war?UBI wouldn't force them to move.  More likely, lack of UBI would.If UBI replaces unemployement insurance, there will no longer be any requirement for anyone to stay anywhere or apply for anything.The idea that UBI can motivate people to move away from cities is a very interesting idea with a lot of interesting ramifications.Maybe that's why he ran for president.  Because it seemed like a cushy job, which would give him more time for golf.Radicalization of the population might not be a big factor in the future.  Not unless there are enough radicals to vote radicals into office.  In the past, radicals could start revolutions.  In the future, there are likely to be billions of robot cops preventing revolutions.

Therefore, the only reliable long term way to move towards a good UBI system is likely to be to convince enough people.  And the people that need to be convinced are the same people that voted Trump into office.
UBI has to replace welfare to have any chance of being accepted by the general public.  The same general public that voted Trump into office.  However, there is no reason why the amount people get from UBI couldn't be enough to completely replace all the welfare programs, instead of being a way to reduce the total amount they get.  Keep in mind that the more UBI a poor person gets, the more a middle class person gets too.  It would be like a big tax rebate, which could motivate a lot of people to be in favor of it.
If the debunking is not a meme or sound bite, the average person will ignore it.The average person perceives basic income as welfare.  That's what needs to be fought.  To change the public perception, to the point where it's no longer perceived as welfare.  And the best way to accomplish that might be to convince people it's a way to get rid of welfare, and welfare bureaucracies.  Such as section 8, SSI, Medicaid, etc.  If people can be convinced basic income can replace all those, and get rid of all the bureaucracy of those programs and others, then they might start to be convinced.You also have to take wind into account.  The wind alone could lift the plane 100 feet with no loss of speed, in some cases.Would she have a better chance to win the next presidential election than Bernie Sanders did?They might debit it the day they prepare it for shipment.  It's hard to predict, unless you know their exact policies.For your theory to work, the Hispanic woman would probably forward her mail from your address to someone who would give it to her.  Can you find out from the PO if there is a forwarding order for that name from your address?  Is that what an "address correction requested" is for?Is it really true that the Saudis bribed the Filipinos to help them kidnap the woman to murder her?  And the Filipinos don't face prosecution for the crime?It sounds like one of two things is happening.  Either the cops are grossly incompetent, or, the perp is a friend of the cops, and the cops are trying to cover up the crime.If the discount is from the dealer's full repair price, couldn't you get a much bigger discount by simply going to a repair shop instead of a dealer?If you can afford one, you should get a Corentium radon meter.  It seems to be the best brand.  It can tell you whether you have a serious radon problem.  I think they cost around $200.
Yes, that Aldi had it for 84 cents recently.  And Walmart near there, on the other side of 265.To clarify, do you mean it's $1.20 at Meijer now or 30 years ago?  It's hard to tell what you mean because the word "is" contradicts the word "ago".
12 days.Aldi near Westport at 265.  And the Walmart on the other side of 265 had it for 85 cents.  I didn't look in Meijer, but someone else mentioned them in this thread.

Is the whole price war near Westport at 265?  Or is it also anywhere else in the Louisville area?  There is an Aldi on Bardstown and one on Preston Highway.  Do either of those have prices like that?  The last time I was in either of those, a long time ago, the price of milk was more than $2 per gallon there.
Calves get milk free.  They suck.If you're not a morning person, when do you finally do the wake?
I power cycled my cable modem, and that seems to have fixed the problem.Will that really do it?That looks more urban than suburban.Houses with fallout shelters might sell faster, and for better prices.  The worse the war, the more likely houses without fallout shelters might become hard to sell, and their prices might drop.Which ISP do you use?  I'm starting to have intermittent access problems too.  Main symptom is that it frequently can't find a website, but then it can find it a few minutes later.
They're aware of us but are not concerned that we might be a problem for them.  From their point of view, it seems obvious that we're about to destroy ourselves in a nuclear war.  So they're just going to stay away from us for the time being.Don't we have any other mothers?What is IT full of?  Is it full of it?I think the joke is that they're using Crystal Pepsi instead of holy water.Holy shit!  It's holy water!The ironic thing about passwords that meet strict requirements including uppper, lower, number, symbol, etc., is that they're actually easier to crack than random good passwords with no requirements.  The only thing that really makes them good is how long they are and how uncommon they are.Try 0Anchovies!
They arrested Calvin for terrorism because he had Hobbes in his luggage.> We came here to sell seats and kick ass...

Is that why their logo is a picture of an ass that got kicked?
In a dog-eat-dog world, people should not eat dogs.  And don't try to eat cats, if you think about the origin of "cat got your tongue?"
Cheers!  Hic.
Costco has much better free samples than Amazon, and the price of those free samples can't be beat.  And Costco's expansion might be part of the reason why malls aren't doing so well.  My city got its second Costco and I now shop there in preference to malls.  Partly because the second Costco is close to where I live.  I've been to Costco a number of times since the last time I went to a mall.The last time I was at Sears, I was looking for a cable for a monitor.  When I found the one I wanted, it was way overpriced, so I almost didn't buy it.  Then it took a long time to find an open cash register.  Finally, when I finally bought it, it turned out to be on sale for a fraction of its shelf price.  I only found out when I actually bought it that it was on sale.  If I shop at Amazon, and something is on sale, they're always sure to tell me.  And I never have to search for an open cash register at Amazon.  The only real reason I shop at Sears is that I have left over gift cards from past years, and am hoping to use all of them before they go out of business.  No way would I have bought that monitor cable at Sears if I wasn't trying to use up my gift cards.  But I'm glad at least that I got it on sale, even if only by coincidence.There is more than one doctor by that name.  They might be confusing which is which.They might be confusing identities.  The doctor who was dragged off the plane might not be the same person they they think he is.  If he's really not the person with the past they're smearing, he might have a big slander claim against them.  There is more than one Dr. David Dao.  They should make sure they have the right one before slandering him.Not only is the smear campaign inappropriate, but it might also be completely incorrect.  They might be smearing the wrong person.  There is more than one Dr. David Dao.  So now maybe in addition to getting millions from United, he can get millions from all the news media smearing him, if it turns out they're smearing the wrong person.> The article says the victim said: "I want justice. I want them to pay for my medical damages and I want whoever shot me in my face to have to do some time."

Not likely.  Cops don't do time for shooting people.  That would be against the rules of fascism.>  I wonder how he thought they were killed?

Maybe he thinks they died of smallpox.  And maybe next he's going to say "now that we have smallpox vaccination, that can't happen again."
Next he's probably going to say something like "nuclear war is more efficient because nuclear weapons give us the biggest bang for the buck."
> Is he really that stupid or simply think that we are?

It's "and", not "or".
Drag and drop is not always implemented ergonomically.  If it's not done properly, it can cause a bloody mess.Do baby elephants count?  A little.  They can only count to one.  Because they count on their trunk.I didn't know that.  Maybe I should have gone to a boarding school.Overbooking is not really even the issue in this incident.  The airline employees were on standby.  The issue is actually whether the DOT rules allow them to remove paying customers to make room for airline employees on standby.  I haven't seen any such rule.  And the amount they should compensate the passengers who give up their seats for the standby employees, might not even be related to the normal denied boarding compensation.  Because it's not the same situation, so the same rules are unlikely to apply.  In particular, there are probably no caps on the amounts they should pay, but rather they should offer as much as it takes to get someone to volunteer.  Therefore, this whole incident could be construed as a violent theft by the airline from the passenger.Don't they use boarding passes?  Why can't they simply count them before they start issuing them?Everything before the comma, or everything before the coma?The message you replied to wasn't about the doctor being absent.
> 800 million? Really

It needs to be enough to change their policies.  When nobody volunteers give up their seat, they need to up the amount, till somebody volunteers.  They offered 800.  Multiply it by a million to make it clear to them that they need to increase it if nobody accepts it.  If you don't multiply it by a million, they will see it as business as usual and the lesson won't get through their thick heads.
If it's paid in brand new $100 bills, packed tightly in boxes, it can be very fucking dense.It's not creepy.  Without cell phone video, we would already be under the jackboots of total fascism.  Cell phone video has been defending our freedom ever since it became common.I probably quit using them more years ago than you, but probably for different reasons.  We can't fuck them if we already don't use them.That compensation is for denied boarding.  This victim had already boarded.  This went far beyond denied boarding.But was it really bumping?  The bumping rule mentions denied boarding.  But this victim had already boarded.  So it was something that might not even be covered by any rules, but only by multimillion dollar lawsuits.Yes, it could happen on any airline.  And any flight could crash and burn.  But some brands crash and burn a lot more than others.  Consumers should pay attention.  It depends on competence and attitude.I looked for the DOT rule about overbooking, and it only mentioned denied boarding, not removing passengers from airplanes.  It seems to imply, if they want to bump someone, they have to do it before they board."a safety reason"?  What specific safety reason are you referring to?He was forcibly removed from an airplane to make room for the convenience of United employees who wanted to fly on that airplane.  There is an overbooking and denied boarding rule, but I have not found any indication that it applies to passengers who are already on board.  Therefore, United might owe him $800 million.I looked up the DOT denied boarding rule.  Being denied boarding is obviously not the same as being forcibly removed from an airplane.  Is there any actual DOT rule that allows airlines to forcibly remove passengers because of overbooking?How do you figure?  If United disabled the doctor, causing the doctor to disable the patient, can't United be forced to pay the patient's disability income for the rest of that person's life?Since they only needed seats for their own employees, they could have easily solved the problem by booking them on another airline or a bus or something.  But they wanted them to fly United, for the United experience.