It's a great service, I wish I used it when it was part of Picasa, Maybe I wouldn't​ have lost 4 years worth of digital photos that got forever lost due to hard drives deathsI have an MSI laptop, never again will they fool me again.It's been seven years or so since I stop being Christan, for the most part I didn't miss it, mostly because of my anger towards it, feeling how I didn't allow me to experience a lot of things you can only do as a teenager,  but not so long ago I went through a very traumatic experience, and that knock me off really hard, and for the first time In a long time I missed the comfort of believing that at the end everything will be ok because God will help you make it through it all.... And even made a small prayer saying someone like: God, I Know you don't actually exist, but I really need some to talk right now, or something along those lines, I even sang a few religious songs, but after while I began feeling better again and went back to my usual self.

There are non religious ways to deal with pain and anxiety, like philosophy or meditation, I would be nice to hear experiences from second or third generation atheist/agnostics, I believe every first generation non believer can, under certain circumstances, have a temporaly roll back to their previous believes.

Cheer up, we're all gonna die in the end anyway, and all our achievements and struggles are meaningless on the bigger picture of the universe, we might as well try to make the best out our lives while we can.

English is not my first language, sorry for any grammar error.Have you seen the south park episode where they talk about purity rings? The one with the Jonas Brothers.For a moment Ok thought he might be a Naruto Fanhttps://youtu.be/nRLlm32pQbwDon't blame me, blame my gender.No, el de la imagen no es Oliver, es Andy, es el que tienen problemas cardíacos, y ya no recuerdo, fue hace mucho, pero de seguro ha de estar en Youtube el capítulo.El chaval tiene problemas cardíacos, lo que no le permite jugar fútbol por más de 10 minutos, pero está empeñado en vencer a su ribal Oliver Atom, la muchacha le ruega que se olvide del tema y el reacciona molesto, algo así, no se me olvida ese episodio por a Oliver let gustaba esa muchacha cuando eran niños, y ahora de adolescentes ella le pide que pierda a propósito para darle gusto al nuevo novio, el chavo esté con problemas del corazón, pobre Oliver 😔I thought it was the car from the Flintstones Hate to break it to you, but the cake is a lie. Hate to break it to you, but the cake is a lie. Well, here in my country, Gang leaders​ coordinate, send treats and extort using WhatsApp voice notes, all within​ the prison walls, that kind of make me want the government to have full access to WhatsApp to keeps records of this illegal activity​.Hello there, let me share with you some quotes I really like:

"Sweetie, you know I support you, whatever you want to do, but you're not gonna find what you're looking for in these awful made-up places. The universe is a cruel, uncaring void. The key to being happy isn't a search for meaning. It's to just keep yourself busy with unimportant nonsense, and eventually, you'll be dead".
Mr. Peanutbutter /Bojack Horseman

"Nobody exists on purpose, nobody belongs anywhere, everybody's gonna die. Come watch TV".
Rick / Rick and Morty.


Also, you're quite young, the  chemical on your teenage brain may be messing your mind right now, but your body chemistry, and thus your views on yourself and the world will change a lot by your 20s, and 30s and so on.

You might be thinking you're the only one in your school that feels that way, but it's more common of what you think, specially at your age.

If you love somebody that doesn't mean they will love you back, that's a fact of life, also you shouldn't do good things for others expecting then to do good things for you, that will only lead to disappointment, If you want do good deeds do it for the satisfaction of helping make the world a better place, if not just not messing with others is good enough. 

The group of people you know is not the whole world, expand your horizons, allow yourself to meet new people, you may eventually meet someone you can relate better. 

It's all meaningless in the end anyway :P so don't worry that much, I certainly believe that life is overrated, but death is a permanent state, so might as well try to make the best out of the experience, look for a hobby, try exercising a little bit, read a good book, life isn't so bad if you don't put much though to it. While I don't mind sponsored content, his focus has indeed change, since the first beta of Android O launched the same time I found odd that he didn't do a first impressions video, as he done with previous versions of Android, listing top or new favorite features and whatnot, but oh well, time change, people change.App crashes every often, at random Java timeout error as wellWhat pisses me off are religious leaders migrating from under develop nation's to delevoped countries saying that its was God's will to do so, like Jonas Gonzales from  Enlace (biggest Spanish Christian TV Network, like TBN in the US), his Network recivives millions from donations, which they collect four times each year during TV marathons asking for then, on which they promise​ God's blessings if you donate, and he of course move form Costa Rica to the USA. A good bussinees indeed, cashing of the hopes of helpless suckers and living the good life whit it. 


Those Naggers I remember one time I was waiting for my turn on an Apple service center, the guys in front of me tried to upgrade the hardrive of an iMac themselves, apparently they broke a cable of something, and only solution offered to then was to replace the motherboard​, that's part of the reasons I didn't but another Mac after my 2010 MacBook pro died, I don't like the direction Apple has taken regardless they computers, making then very hard to repair and with not easy to access ram and HDD.Volta never seems like an improvement in my testing, Doze did increased stand by time lot, on lollipop if I forget to charge my phone on the night it would certainly be dead by morning, while on Doze it make it through the nightEnter the recovery and delete cache partition, that usually helps, if no do a backup of your data a do a factory reset.You could flash some official firmware from other region to enable the fingerprint reader.Why gapless isn't standard on Android?You know what I want? An easy way to digitalize Hi8 and Mini DV cassettes.Pro tip: be careful with who you trust, it might be your lover, your Best friend, but that can change overnight, the might even use it against you someday, so of you need to get something out of your chest, go receive counseling with someone who is legally obligated to keep your conversations private, or as anonymously as you can online.What we need is system gapless playback on Android so stteaming services such as GPM, Spotify and others could use it.So gapless playback does work on the iPhone? Why Google underestimate this feature so much? Could you confirm is gapless playback works on Spotify or Deezer as well?Gingerbread? Now's that's a face I've haven't seen in a long time.I'm thinking on doing Lasik myself, but I'm concerned with stories of people getting their night vision deteriorated after it.While on the subject, what kind of laptop display hinges seems to be more durable in the long run?

Edit: bad engrishSame story on my region, SMS/MMS were always expensive and unreliable, that's why Blackberry became very popular back in the day, until it was replaced by WhatsApp which is the most popular messaging app, nothing comes close.TIL virus can get to the BIOSBackup your data, do a factory reset and try again, if that doesn't help you can always check sammobile to manually download and flash the update using Odin.

Come to think about it, you can try to enter recovery to glean the cache from there before, that doesn't erase your personal data and might just workr/2meirl4meirlXperia X and Honor 8 are about the same price right now, which one is better? or maybe spent more on a Galaxy A2017?LG V20?Is it worth buying a new unlocked Tmobile Galaxy S5 for 220? any better option around that price?Have you tried PowerAmp?The dual sim variant is available on BHphoto and Ebay

http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/03/03/deal-alert-samsung-galaxy-s7-duos-sale-382-50-ebay-coupon-code/Seems taken out from a sci-fi stuffiMessages only makes sense in the USA, the rest of the world uses mostly WhatsAppSi los sueños se van el cosmos te guiará.Xperia X, Moto Z Play, Moto G5 plus, Samsung Galaxy J7 prime, Galaxy A5 2016/2017.?

I want decent camera and battery life.I know two people who have Galaxy devices that got all contacts randomly deleted (S6 and A5 2016) this is the first time I see this bug acknowledge online, every post I came across seems to assume it was human error.

Maybe you won't get your contacts back, but try updating to the most recent software, do and factory reset, create your contacts again, manually create a backup file of your contacts to keep them online.

If you used Facebook or Samsung account your contact info may be there.

Good luck.The LG G4 (LGUS991) in available new on Amazon for 250$, is it worth buying? Is the bootlop problem inevitable? I'm currently using a Moto G3, which have game me a bittersweet Experience, so I'm looking for an upgrade but don't wanna spend much.

I was also considering the honor 8, or maybe a Galaxy J7.Like People how owns a smartphone looking to buy more smartphones. r/wholesomememes This seems like a good advice, why the salty commands?As a bilingual user, grammar correction became borderline useless when they first update, because before the languages were separated, and after the update it became bilingual by default, you can still choose a preferred language/keyboard layout, but it will still be bilingual correction, as a result, the app can't decide wether I'm trying to write in one language or the other.

Overtime it have become better at predictions and corrections, but I would have preferred they game me the choice of having either nono lingual or bilingual.Imagine how screw you would be if you were an international buyer, who pays a mailbox service to forward his orders to his country, and having to pay 3 international shippings for a single orden.Don't forget the"hands on" video.Happy birthday to you 🤗What do you do on your Free time? Do you even have free time? Are you single?

You finish college while doing YouTube videos and playing on sports teams, your time management skills are beyond my comprehension. Yeah, I was thinking on him, I remember when I was first learning about apple, how it was a innovative company that got its ideas stolen by Microsoft, how great the iPod is, how great the Mac is, saw that speech that gave at a university, for a moment there I was falling for the cult of apple, then reality hit me, Apple have stolen (taken "inspiration") as much as Microsoft had, Early on Apple mocked IBM for Being a monopolistic tyrant, but they behave just like IBM on the smartphone world once they were on top, and documentaries tell he wasn't exactly a nice guy or an easy to work person.

In a way he remind me of House MD, you may be the biggest, egocentric jerk there is, But if you're successful, people will like you anyway. Bioshock infinite, anyone? I was trying to live an open relationship with two women both of them fully aware of it, if as OK first, but it quickly escalated into a chain of gossip, jealousy, Bulling, discussions, arguments, stalking and  teenage-like drama from grow up people,my account has hacked and someone was reading my chats and spreading even more drama,  for a long time it made my Life miserable until I reached a breaking point and realize whatever benefit I might be getting from those relationships was not worth the hell I was going through, from people who don't even lived in the same country as me. 

I had a few reasons to quit before, like expending too much time on there, feeling depress because my life wasn't as "exiting and fulfilling" as my friends, aside concerns about Facebook way of doing things.

I'm considering open an account in the future, with fake data, just to participate in the news pages, or resale groups, but I'm fine now without that.Mine was the first boss from ocarina of Time.Unless you rely on instant message apps such as WhatsApp, because that would defeats the purpose of a smartphone The ones that force you to create an account to even read the article are far worst. Wow, I don't pay that game, but I play a similar game:  Summoner's War, same formula of characters being random drops from scrolls/crystals, which require a lot of time to stock up, or pay real money to get then fast, it's amusing, If this games were single player nobody would care, but it's the online/multiplayer element, the desire to beat or surpass otherwise human players what drives this compulsion of getting stronger, faster in the game, It might be worth a social study.For a moment I thought it was a picture of a concert were people were using light bandsDoes this means rainbows aren't really bows but straight lines that seems bow due an optical illusion?Was that Tasmanian devil / Italian plumber wannabe any good?The Thousand-yard stare.I'm 29, have switch between 3 careers in college before dropping out, currently working a decent paying job, but one that I don't Ike but can't find any better.My life I give to my country

with my hands I fight for Fire Lord Ozai and our Forefathers before him

with my mind I seek ways to better my country

and with my feet I march to serve my nation


http://66.media.tumblr.com/b1c0324fd593099a73bb96ce30c82cd8/tumblr_inline_nj8d6uzSU31s73wv6.gifWeirdness also draws attention, reminds of Bruno Mars' Lazy SongI was going to make a “You didn't save my life, you ruined my death" joke, but I guess you're right, in fact I at some point had self destructing behavior, But I never actually wanted to die, I just was desperate for something to change.It's because the high crime rate, people who live in Tegucigalpa and San Pedro Sula aren't polite because they're afraid the person next to you or whoever tries to be nice to you might be a thief trying to lower your awareness by acting nice, you have a better chance o finding more polite people on other areas of the country.Speaking of this show, does anyone knows what's Dave saying in French in this part: 

https://youtu.be/2Y9YhCfuclo

Around 2:10 At least the only took his phone, last time this happened to me they took my wallet and my keys as well.Sing then or put some copyright mark on it.