that is exactly what i would say if i had access to the messages .. . think about it .. misinformation i bet https://mailinabox.email/Tutanota - cant do text formatting, cant put photos inline  and doesn't have a  search feature, i personally ended up hosting my own mail.oh that sucks! ...have you tried ketocana?   i use that  its not cheap but if something is going to throw me out i  use its ... $67 for 16 serves  so thats  $4.20 a serv! But it will get you back on track  ... here is a link to check it out  its made by ketosports   http://amzn.to/2aLkEO2  Are you recording your food in something like myfitnesspal?   if you are link us to your food diary (set the diary to public)  or you are not then start :)  ... Are you testing your blood ketos ?  if so what numbers are you getting?
2 lbs a week! week done :) [My Blood work after a LOW  training session](http://i.imgur.com/p0jBfrD.jpg)yeah ok so i was the same ... do you test your ketos ?  cause for example if i keep my heart rate in the fat burning zone which for me is 130bpm  then i say walk on the tready for an hour (yes its painful! and mentally hard) i will burn 600 calories and then i test my blood ketos  they sit at 3.3mmol  when i was running it would come back at 1.2  - and in the last month i have dropped 5 kilos in the last month i have dropped 11 pounds  ( i should also add i do stronglift 5x5 weight training 3 times a week and on the other days i do cardio)   and according to my fitbit scales the loss has been ALL fat i have maintained my lean .. point of my post is maybe do weight and start walking or using the elliptical..anyway i am off to the gym now :)  how about taking a "good"  quality vitamin like usana essentials? at least then you have a good base and as you learn more about the food you will get more from food :) I am about to do a bit of a cook up myself  dietdoctor.com has some awesome recipes  i started keto about 4 weeks ago dropped 11lbs   im sure you will say goodbye to the 200's in no time!  good news is that the 80/20 rule applies here  .... 80% of your results are related to your macros  and only 20% form the exercise people have fantastic results on keto and never do the exercise part ... remember this  80%  your going to be just fine  :)   hope you recover soon!will they have low carb beer ? can you take your own  - plan ahead ... enjoy the weekend :) This is about will power,  Hot and cool Brain - So when you are faced with your carbs  hmm lets  say Roast potatoes , you know the ones with a little bit of flake salt on them and a dash of rosemary  ohh they taste good  right?  so this is the hot part of the brain this is when we want instant gratification. So we need to take 3 deep breaths (it works)  and then we need to activate the cool part of our brain - you can try  thinking about something that will make them less desirable like  maybe when the person who put them in the supermarket didnt wash there hands after going to the toilet ..extreme i know .. or pretend its a picture and think of your future self  .. more on this kind of stuff can be found in the book  "The Marshmallow Test "  http://amzn.to/2aI5h97 good lucklooks pretty good to me What type of cardio are you doing?well done :) on its way :)   Thanks
Sent :)  awesome - Thanks - if you want to private message me your email address i will send it over to you  - Thanksyou should have it now please let know if its not in your inbox  you should have it now please let know if its not in your inbox  Yep! sorry  had a heap to send!  all have been sent  :) no worries mate, private message me your email address and i will send it over :) this morning . cheers Thank you for all the responses, its 10pm here in Victoria, Australia so i will  convert the manuscript to PDF in the morning and email it out :)  if anyone else is interested  please message me  - i am all about making the best easy to understand  book - so all feedback is welcome i will encourage the redditors that do give feedback to post in this thread  Thanks!   Holy Crap!!  Well done mate!!   good on you so far its 12,500 words :)  covers binary math, ipv4 and ipv6 as i  planning to release it in stores once i am 110% happy with the contents  - im only emailing it out not just a free for all link :)  if you would like to message me your email address then i can send you a copy .. Thanks fair call, i will only email you my book and then ask for feedback -  wont ever  spam or send anything else for that matter ... i know your only taking my word for it but the other redditors that get my book will be able to back me up  after some time i guess 