Real journalism died decades ago...I am pointing out that the agency is not securing the citizenry from known security threats.When a security agency deliberately exposes its citizens to security threats by collecting exploits and not allowing them to be fixed, then who's side is it really on? *  Thomas Heckman - Amphetamine.
 *  Union Jack - Cactus (and Red Herring too).Paging "Auto Man".CO2 acidification (a very big problem that takes at least 10,000 years to undo), less oxygen transfer with higher temperature, over fishing, an ever increasing amount plastic pollution (enter the food chain at all levels), banned toxic chemicals dumped / accumulated in deep ocean trenches, krill population crash (not enough sea ice to breed under), coral bleaching, coral death, etc...

(please feel free to add anything I missed).

The writing is on the wall for the ocean, it has 3 decades at worst 5 decades at best in its current form.You have some skill.  Nice work.I have been saying it for years.  Nothing would fix the Auckland housing crisis like a volcano (or two).Don't forget.  Ludum Dare 38 next week end! (22-26).

Shout out to all Ludum Dare entrants!Same.  Shout out for /r/BasicIncome. /r/thingsforantsCO2 acidification (a very big problem that takes at least 10,000 years to undo), less oxygen transfer with higher temperature, over fishing, an ever increasing amount plastic pollution (enter the food chain at all levels), banned toxic chemicals dumped / accumulated in deep ocean trenches, krill population crash (not enough sea ice to breed under), coral bleaching, coral death, etc...

(please feel free to add anything I missed).

The writing is on the wall for the ocean, it has 3 decades at worst 5 decades at best in its current form.CO2 acidification (a very big problem that takes at least 10,000 years to undo), less oxygen transfer with higher temperature, over fishing, an ever increasing amount plastic pollution (enter the food chain at all levels), banned toxic chemicals dumped / accumulated in deep ocean trenches, krill population crash (not enough sea ice to breed under), coral bleaching, coral death, etc...

(please feel free to add anything I missed).

The writing is on the wall for the ocean, it has 3 decades at worst 5 decades at best in its current form.To undo the current ocean acidification would currently take about 10,000 years (once we stop dumping billions of tons of CO2 into atmosphere).But... But... Linus told me CVS was the devil!  /jokeShout out for Digital Antiquarian.So cool to see it moving having looked at the still image.Code generation.Last night there were about 100 sprats jumping out of the over flowing storm drain in the middle of Beach street off the Petone Esplanade.I just use a single Git repo per satellite project.

It is entirely file system based.  What ever file that was written to last and has different contents.

I always check in prior to migration, allowing easy roll back of any accidental overwrites.

Not using Git submodules (I do not care about the history of the digital asset out side its own project Git repo).

Like the sound of your project!  I get the vibe that this is not an uncommon issue and we are probably not the only ones that have written (command line) tools to deal with it.Came here to say this and was beaten to it.Thanks.Nice work.  I wrote a dynamic sprite multiplexor on the C64 back in the day.

Edit: Also where is a screen shot?Humans are so intelligent that just a simple thing like money shuts off peoples empathy.You're great grand children will still be paying off the corruption in Christchurch.I always wanted to know how many Rats there are in NZ.  The previous dear leader said it was easier to count rats than the number of children in poverty so for a moment I hoped we would finally found out how many rodents are in the country.   /sEmbrace the quietness, become the Ninja!Lots of Ludum Dare can lead to what I call the multi project with shared core code base problem.

Each of my projects still uses Git to keep a working stable copy to compare against and to roll back accidental overwrites and deletes.

Now copying the core code base around the place was getting boring so I wrote a command line tool called Mig to deal with the multi project core code issue.  Each project has its own .mig.xml file.  The principle is to have a central project that contains the core and then have satellite projects (each Ludum Dare for instance) that get pushed too or pulled from.  

This all works at a file level only.  The source code comment tag / file type and single specified files (if need be) are in the project config.   For example I use .java and the tag ::MIG::java:: 

Any files that are relevant are then synced when they contain the tag using time / date and content.

Obviously because this tool can overwrite files on mass (running with *.mig.xml will load all your satellite projects at once so you can update all of your projects with just one command line if you keep the project config files in one place) it has to be used with care and using the preview mode first is best (and Git can be used to roll back any accidents).

The tool helps allot with what I like to call "pollinator bee development".  Solving a problem over at this point in project X can also solve a problem in that project Y.

Also if you have been developing a many things across several projects one command line can show you what you have been up.

Adding and removing files to the shared code base is as simple as removing / adding a comment tag.  (Clean ups can be done with a pull override with delete).

Could easily be used for software configuration management as well.

Have been wondering about opening sourcing it.

(edit: The tool is file based and can be used in conjunction with any repository)Totalitarian douche much?/r/BasicIncomeCool!Our environmental minister is total scum bag.It has been too late for many decades now.  It was probably too late in the 60's.Well if there is one thing the for profit prison industry should be lobbying for it is lead only piping for water distribution.  /s

(If you didn't get the joke - Increased lead intake is linked to increased violence not just lower IQ).I do not believe we are intelligent.  Look at how we treat each and the planet.  We are more like self centered selfish bags of meat.

A.I. is just another never arriving savior.   The only thing that will save humanity is humans.Just covert alcohol advertising brain washed into the populace.Nice to see a sane opinion in a sea of idiocy.

No real security professional would buy a bucket with a hole in it.

"Amateur mycologists have questionable morel's".   /jokeNo!  It's cool regardless.A good gesture but...

CO2 acidification (a very big problem that takes at least 10,000 years to undo), less oxygen transfer with higher temperature, over fishing, an ever increasing amount plastic pollution (enter the food chain at all levels), banned toxic chemicals dumped / accumulated in deep ocean trenches, krill population crash (not enough sea ice to breed under), coral bleaching, coral death, etc...

(please feel free to add anything I missed).

The writing is on the wall for the ocean, it has 3 decades at worst 5 decades at best.

In the following decades the human race will have to start one of the biggest engineering project it has ever done.

Flooding large inland areas with mini oceans that can be cleaned as there is no way we can clean the entire ocean.  Used for stable food sources and also providing a tenable environment for the future preservation of sea life.

Done either side of a big enough continent tide swell could be used to pump water through the system instead of using generated power.Keep riding those clean green coat tails...Bulls!  /sIf only it would last...Math is an extremely bad negotiator so good luck with that.

And any sane security professional would never buy a bucket with a hole in it.
That is the secret to a good toastie.  Using stale bread.  It doesn't get soggy and stays crisp.A great idea.  More of NZ should be doing it.

Don't forget to have some seriously secure and heavy steel cages to keep the hives in.Yep.  Your grandkid's will still be paying off the corruption that happened.Math is an extremely bad negotiator so good luck with that.

And any sane security professional would never buy a bucket with a hole in it. Cool.Add a screechy synth and hi hat and you're done!  /sI like your optimism, but no!Keep riding those clean green coat tails...CO2 acidification (a very big problem that takes at least 10,000 years to undo), less oxygen transfer with higher temperature, over fishing, banned toxic chemicals dumped / accumulated in deep ocean trenches, krill population crash (not enough sea ice to breed under), coral bleaching, coral death, etc...

(please feel free to add anything I missed).

The ocean is in real trouble. I give it 3 decades at worst 5 decades at best.

Also don't forget the permafrost feed back loop is about to put climate change into overdrive - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dR-4-kJUxzMTotalitarian douche much?/r/nongolfersInstead of defending, protecting and securing. The route of collecting exploits was taken. Public security was then based on ignorance of the exploits not actual security.

Hacking your own citizenry is never going to end well. Willfully leaving them exposed makes it worse by an order of magnitude.Instead of defending, protecting and securing. The route of collecting exploits was taken. Public security was then based on ignorance of the exploits not actual security.

Hacking your own citizenry is never going to end well. Willfully leaving them exposed makes it worse by an order of magnitude.Instead of defending, protecting and securing. The route of collecting exploits was taken. Public security was then based on ignorance of the exploits not actual security.

Hacking your own citizenry is never going to end well. Willfully leaving them exposed makes it worse by an order of magnitude.

BTW: This is the deleted reply as I was meaning to reply to the thread not the comment.Well at the end of the day most New Zealander's would agree that at the end of another day I could not be left holding the bag.  /sKeep riding those clean green coat tails...The blow back of hindsight?Nice work.Keep riding those clean green coat tails...Found this - simple gpu raytracing
http://www.iquilezles.org/www/articles/simplegpurt/simplegpurt.htmWell Diablo 3 sure didn't feel Diablo enough for me.How far do you think the US will fall in the next four years?Banning BYO only means one thing.  PRELOAD!100% Pure Tax Haven.Well that is a dangerous and dim witted thing to do.  We don't own the environment we borrow it from future generations.100% Pure Tax Haven!Because it is an awesome adventure!Well that depends on what was eaten!  /jokeBut... But... Dat rock star economy?  /sKeep riding those clean green coat tails...Well at the end of the day most New Zealander's would agree that at the end of another day I could not be left holding the bag.  /sThe problem with this is that the idea can be applied to many of human actions some of them being nsfw and unsavory.100% Pure Tax Haven!And then the application provider can close your account for giving out your password because you violated the terms of service.

Security 1.01 - Never give out your password.

edit: Another way to look at it is ask a bank about giving out your password and see the reaction you get.And it is still out there in the NZ ocean rotting and leaching crap into the environment.

Keep riding those clean green coat tails...Handing over passwords is a direct violation of terms of service of many end user license agreements.Gen X and Y pick up the tab first remember...Grandad's breakfast.  Frying last night's potato mash, tomatoes, bacon, black pudding on a piece or two of white toast with poached eggs.You spelt it incorrectly.  It's Fush'n'Chups!   /joke100% Pure Tax Haven.Apathy wins elections in the country.  Wish it was not the case.Dat rockstar economy.  /sWell at the end of the day most New Zealander's would agree at the end of another day I could not be left holding the bag...Dat rockstar economy.  /ssource image - https://i.redd.it/z4fn7yotqmky.gifI tried Git Kraken but had allot of issues with it (bugs stopped it from being usable, might not be the case now).

Sticking with the standard GitGui for now and the EGit Eclipse plugin when decent diffing is needed.Love the eyes at the end./r/BasicIncomeHopefully this might get some water rights happening.  The damage the dairy industry have done and continues to do with impunity is disgusting...Considering how much damage the dairy industry has done to New Zealand rivers hopefully this is a step in the right direction.

Keep riding those clean green coat tails...World tourist industry that is not america says "Thanks".Well considering how much impunity American has to hacking its own citizens the irony is palpable.Considering how much the dairy industry has totally trashed New Zealand rivers hopefully this is a move in the right direction.The rivers have been paying!  They have been devastated by the diary industry of the last few decades.  Dat big pharma.A world with out reef will certainly still have poverty.