Can somebody ELI5 this? Like, when they go on operations like this, do they belong to one of the armed forces? do they just remain as CIA? how does the military recognize they're CIA?Huh... I think you can take that picture from the Ramada Inn right next to the shell gas station around LoDo. I don't know the street name but it's a big corner.Is that one of those shelves that you can hide weapons in it?Kame House!Why do they cover the fucking twitter handles??1?1?? It pissed me off that the tittle says 21 pictures and there's only 2 of them shown What does "proposed" entails?CROSSFIIIIITTTTDo you get paid more if you peel the copper out of the plastic jacket?GODDAMMIT SHE'S ADORABLEGoliath onlineHe should've gone with "sample text"You can suck my dick... Or cock.GOD just do it already!!1!! Rumors have been saying this for a while now.Anything else besides the pic that can help? Like marks on his face or tattoos or something?Shes...stating into my soul... Somebody HELPIt needs more blur. I don't think it was enoughIs this a fucking subreddit run by that president cheeto subreddit?
Oh noes! Poor girl.Ok, I keep reading that Russia hired people and Russia this and Russia that trump. What I really want to know is if they're actually gonna do something about it. IMy bad Is he actively trying to fuck the US?The one I know for that would be "voy a echar una cagada"Hay cierta gente que cuando dicen "polvo" es un slang para sexo. "echar un polvo". Don't ask me why, I have no clue.Oh, is Tom Hardy working on another movie?GOD THOSE FUCKING EYES. She's the fucking medusa of our timeIs the bubble over? Are housing prices gonna fall now?Wooo!!! Fuck nature!! Praise money!! Because money will feed us when nature is gone!Was this an actual construction from an trebuchet from the past?Doesn't WhatsApp has a back door? I read about a programmer who submitted the bug to Facebook and they just refuse to patch it. I'm guessing this is how they go and check on encrypted messages.This subreddit should be called "mexicanpeopletwitter". I have no fucking clue what you guys talk about sometimes.Well, they have to pay for the things they steal somehowI dunno lolIs there a homeless guy living in at least one of them already?Sounds about right. Nowadays everything is replaced every year or sooner with a newer, better model or thing. You think I shit money to replace stuff that fast?First of all, you're not paying attention to what I'm saying. I didn't say anything at all about the US being the police of the world. 

But you're right. You brought a valid point. It's very wise to just invest it all in military and be the police of the world and fuck the people living here right? It's better to be safe than sorry.Do you know what's the allocation from the federal budget from those countries towards their people?? Seriously?Word.I mean of course we're not the only one, but a country as big as this and with the biggest economy in the world has lately been treating it's people like this. First the money then the people.Ummm, I dunno double check countries like Switzerland or Iceland. See their policies and how much they invest in their citizens.The United States. The only country in the world in which the government works for money and not for it's people. 👍Why do people do this god dammit.God dammitOh good! I haven't seen this one today. See you tomorrow!Oh god dammit grossYeah. Simplification will rule the eyes of the customer. Some companies started big then slim down their logos. For example look at McDonald's. They could take everything out and just leave the arches. Who doesn't recognize that?Holy shit this is just an overload of adorable PenisCan somebody ELI5 why Catalonia wants to break away from Spain?r/h3h3productionsLol they have been saying stuff like that for the last 20 years now?It looks like that chicken had flip flops Who the fuck is vik?Good. Hope that comes to the US as wellWho is this 4chanI'm guessing that's corn with mayo and stuff? Bf1 shells.Startch masksWho?Holy shit people. Read the article and also fuck you OP. Stop karma whoring.

"We don’t believe being fixated on weight has any positive affect on your health and well-being"

The title is not corresponding to what the article says. They are removing it because they believe that weight is not the only thing you should focus, not because somebody got offended by it. Again Fuck your OP.It looks great!Oh yeah. I'm pretty sure for example that if people want to impeach trump they would just go outside and it would totally work. 👍I said such as IN ASIA. Fucking read.Peaceful protests do not work on the west side of the world like around the US and so. They only work in courteous, organized countries such as in Asia.Oh yeah. Order them to do everything but keep cutting their budget. Seems about right.No that's the best part. I'm the end user. I'm the one who's ultimately going to judge if it works and if it presents any problems for real life use.They could've just fixed the position of the USB c when they were on the design stage, or add a second one to avoid this issue but no. Fuck this console.My bad. Certain words sounded a bit similar 😐Is this Brazilian Portuguese or Portugals?Good thing this wasn't In Argentina. Those fuckers would've just taken pictures and let it die.I have complete control of everything I do and I do what I want, when I want it. But if they do, then this subreddit would die and I would be so sadAwesome! I never understood why the barrel is so longCNN keeps fucking up. Reloading!Wanna win the wireless War? Remove 22gb limitation and make it truly unlimited. They have the equipment necessary more than the other carriers.Another battery we will never seeAutism I tell ya.It always breaks records every time a console comes out. Duh it's always a couple of years afterwards. Next time they release a console it will break another record. God the autism.God that was a stupid unfunny show.Do Archer next!The fuck you're talking about?Lol I know. This is the work of Nintendo fanboys that can't handle any negativity.The only thing good about that console.WhyPresident Pepe cheetos happened.They say that every single time they launch a console lol.Lol why are you surprised? It's Nintendo.lol he's starting to lose it. I mean more than currently of course.Make money, fuck nature right? This is going just great!But I like it better when you say it...w..what are elotes?..What's an elotero?Yeah, you have no idea what's going on do you? T mobile keeps making it better and better but their signal is not so great around Colorado.I miss the old South Park days. I keep saying that they were funnier and more random than the current ones.I'm on board with this. Let's get the anti vaccine people gone.This should be top post.Good. I don't like Trump at all but fuck CNN big time. Oh god.