It's not. Smells a lot like Germany 1939 Am watching at gateI can't wait to see the videoWith freakin lasers! Yeah, except with freakin [lasers] (https://youtu.be/yndq8jeSPc8) Awesome! That long? Can we build a Johnny 5 with that ?Criminals rob criminals using tools that were created by criminals and exploited then hidden by criminals. Heroes expose criminals and no one cares. Criminals keep fucking all of us, no one cares.... And people are preparing for the zombie apocalypse maybe should look around. Everything is so fucking wrongDidn't they recently find a knife on his property? Legitimized corruptionIt's because it's not what Islam represents but the value in controlling the man made symbol of worship, like the dollar. I figured the doing of bombs and leaving guns behind perpetuates war and drives up Wallstreet interest in war. So Voat? Really? Just making shit up and dropping bombs on people, that's totally cool, and not a war crime though right? He was a good officer unkind his brother b4.So war is not good for business? Seriously why is it down? Human rights council they saidYeah I think you're wrongSo that decline in usage, mostly amongst teens, totally irrelevant. Treating it like a health issue instead of a crime, not important. Yay let's recruit more slaves for prison. You know Portugal has over a decade proving otherwise. But then they wouldn't have job security. The job of the state is to perpetuate problems to maintain relevance. Dude, it's a bad hand. I feel for you. ::hug:: how old were you? I'll just leave [this] (https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Ipsek) here[Yay NAFTA] (http://returntonow.net/2016/06/13/prison-labor-is-the-new-american-slavery/) 

[prisoners are a commodity] (https://www.prisonlegalnews.org/news/2015/jul/31/report-finds-two-thirds-private-prison-contracts-include-lockup-quotas/) you know like slaves


Edit:your flavor /vision of slavery is not exclusive to what is slavery. Your condescending attitude however is shit. Remember a tree is not a tree. 
 Circus news networkWe trade slaves here to. They move from prison to prison. So much for separation of church and state, or representing the people with ethics. Both are observations. Last night he was dominated while wearing a gimp suit and ball bag, while watching his name male teen prostitute in drag whipped by his Dom. Bubble bath? More like bubble blood bath. The waters just heating up, get in, it'll be fun they said. Sad. Which would fuel terrorism and the need to keep killing. Brilliant business move. Time to buy stock in warmongers /sYou assume there's incentive to fix the problem. Until we give them hell, there's no fucks to be given. Sorry bro. I lost my dad to a stroke when he was 46. Miss my dad so much. Have love from random Internet guy. ::hug::Of course. Theft and entitlement shouldn't be enabled. But it's easier to set their favorite Bernie all die or retire and then we're left with Maduro or Mao. So it was a united flight? Because those positions require compromised ethics to get. Hence the point and why we shouldn't have centralized power. It's fucking horribleDisenfranchised with the lack of enforcement with the evidence supplied or induced apathy. Real socialism requires people with ethics and restraint that don't exist.  Edit: fat fingers. Meant to respond to someone elseYou know what I don't understand? Wtf are socialists in this thread arguing for socialism? What's the fucking point? They're like jehovah's witnesses. ...in the goat assSurprise! Didn't 1 Eat a midget? OmfgDude, I can relate. Glad it worked out for you. Even though everything seems fine now, have love from a random stranger. Definitely appreciative of your story. Can I get a how to? Well he only did heroine once, continously for 2 weeks. Did a lot of X, G, blow, cbk, and K. LolHe started with:"you forget illegal " and explained what legal immigrants do, begging the question. But if we all did it, it wouldn't be rareHow do Illegal immigrants vote? Thank you for that observationI have, driving lyft. Also getting a real job soon. Deposed or disposed? Oh. I don't think that's the case here. I don't think they'd him up electrodes to his brain unless there was reasonable probability of the issue and solution. But then again, they practice medicineIt could be. Did he convulse and face plant injuring himself and bleeding in the floor, or have absent seizures? I thought Ms was a spine thing? 

Tbh when u first read your comment, I thought you meant Microsoft because I was in thread about that just moments ago. I hope he has some reprieve from his symptoms. 
AmenCrap vs quality? You can Polish turd all you want. It's not that people are bothering to make malware, Microsoft has become the malware. Lol keep drinking the kool-aid. I hear a spoon full of sugar helps the medicine go down. BTW lower total cost of ownership far out weighs fisher price interfaces.    

Edit: sorry was in a hurry on my phoneI had a friend once tell me: it's ok to do drugs, but when the drugs start to do you, is a problem. Coming from the same guy who exclusive cbk and tried heroine until he ran out of money. He now suffers from a variety of seizures and has basically a place maker in his brain jolting him with a couple amps every few minutes. He assured me that his doctor does not think his drug use had anything to do with it. Maybe the dinosaurs should create some competition? Oh that's right they shreaded innovation. Literally. Almost as much as: chief diversity officerNot even a drop in the bucket as far punitive will goWhat are the avoided words? Go back to malware$oft. It looks pretty, but rapes your privacy. 

Yeah m$ spent money on UI with no real advancement in what almost 2 decades. The ribbon is their greatest achievement. 

Free vs shit as a service. Fuck your ui. 

Did Correct the Record just get retained by malware$oft? AmenAppreciate it. Definitely something I'll be doingThanks I feel the same way. Also explains why this woman bitched me out that 3 drivers canceled and she was late to work. I've been reluctant to cancel anything as I need money, and wanted to keep ratings high etc... Figured I'd try to do everything well and see what was worth it. Right onSo do you support the practice? Hence why it seems like bs and I'm not going to support it...to do something about the rampant pedophilia? would they get tax dollars for this? WTF happened to separation of church and state?slavery was once legal to, doesn't make it right. You make 75% of what we tell you! not what we bill! Good ol' soulless scum bag attorneys. They just lost a driver. Totally get that. I feel like I'm chasing gas money with Uber pool. I get Uber more frequently, but lyft pays better hands down. I feel life Uber blocking potential lyft ridesBased on the law suits and settlements in seeing, sounds more like misrepresentation. I think I'll stick to lyft. LolSo how many lumens is the universe emitting? I sent this to a friend, not in reddit. He was a chemistry teacher before moving into admin. His response:

That's better than I expected. Did I ever tell you about the time they were cleaning out a closet in a science lab at the old middle school and came across about a kilo?  Make a long story short the bomb squad wasn't too happy. 
But they're the same thing. It's kind choosing between blueberry and raspberry lube. It still tastes like shit after they fuck us in the ass. Don't the American people deserve to not be fucked by divisive shoe screen and perpetual war and confusion? Certainly lied about ties, and just killed people like Seth to cover instead of resigning.  Discussion with socialists usually is. But you're a troll in an area that looks down on your stupid ideology, and divisive hate mongering against those who can do and have accountability. Go sell free lunches on my back in /r/socialism, /r/latestagecapitalism, or /r/im14andthisisdeep. Maybe try to get an understanding of human action or your own hypocrisy. I don't go to a lesbian bar to get laid, you shouldn't sell your poison in ancapistan. But [obama's admin](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27403003) no ties right? Depends on if I need to defend myself from entitled thieves who feel their subjective hypocritical morals entitle themselves to my shit. Well I'm more educated and nice and also believe in the constitution. Particularly the first and second amendment. The guns should be pointed at the bankers, politicians, and lawyers. Funny because the socialists are the violent ones, they just use thugs, I mean government, so they don't stain their hands. In the US, from any number in their possession, but talk to a lawyer. Because I'm doing shit if I don't agree. I actually have skills beyond bitching at people about how entitled I am. See the red lube still tastes like shitI wonder how much censorship costs? Can we get a quote? Not really. Has a monopoly, public has egg timer memory. Wait, isn't attacking them based on bullshit a false flag? Isn't the response just retribution for murdering their family members for profit? If bring late and tell her you would care if she tipped. My wealth is the fruits of my labor. Like every socialist, Fucking entitled. Thanks! Do you think you should? 