Pot should be regulated like beer and tomatoes.

95% are bought in stores for quality and convenience considerations, but some people like to grow (or brew) their own and sometimes even share it responsibly with friends. It's almost like without a market and with exclusive manufacturing rights there are no incentives to moderate prices.

Who could have figured that?It's all about oil.. Maple oil.So any meat, just needs a cell sample?

Cannibalism will be a thing again....Very nice.Rogue domain controller being powered on and offThanks for being a great example who wants to determine what and how people learn while pointing out how because of party affiliation your intelligence and the validity of any argument can be determined... Both parties (and their sycophants) are convinced they're justified in using whatever force is necessary to achieve their vision of a more perfect nation.

On the other hand, some of us a sick and tired of the paternalistic, monopolistic, coercive bullshit dribbling out of both sides trying to justify their partisanship. Notice your dehumanizing your opponents and justifying increasing aggression.

Out of curisosity are you a big Antifa/punch a Nazi kind of person?
Partisans have no need to be logical. Once you feel you know "The truth (TM)" anything is justified.

Most people forget that the weapon you use against your enemy will in turn be used against you.Because she is a partisan politician, no other reason.Put in the drain and put in a gasket around the door and seal the holes the lines go through.  

Blevyes are no way to end up....Well done in every way.Know how many 49 person companies there are in France? 10s of thousands because of regulations as you suggest.
exactly
We killed twice as many or more last week with an errant bomb.

The US will not sign a treaty to end the manufacture, sale and use of land mines. The US uses depleted uranium by the ton.

We have no moral ground to stand on.

What is it? 100 of millions of dollars for Raytheon....So add more regulation to solve the problems caused by regulation...

The only solution...And compliance costs tend to create and favor the very consolidation that people want regulation for.Yah, usually it's the rogue...Not even the Democrats that wanted to keep their slaves?Spent many of days there and dug the [TV show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1z4JfxFb6c)You are much more aware of the possibility of violence when you are carrying a real weapon. Most people who regularly carry legally are very aware of the laws, liabilities and power of the weapon they carry.Tomyhoi lake. You can see Canada from your tent!He'll piss away your money for votes!

Go team blue!And I don't care that much between a D or an R getting in, exactly because both want their way and will lie to themselves and everyone else until they get it. The left is just rather hypocritical when it comes to money and politics, where the right is more confused about freedom and laws.

The left's  blindness about money and politics around union payments to politicians (donations, yah, that's what they are, donations). Cities have been destroyed that way... 

And that the media is the only group that wins every election... 1+1+1+1+1+1+1+1+1+1+90 a $10 Average....

Or $10 total without the big donor...Face recognition software hates him...So not seeing information from another source rather than the article in question shows what?

But you have to know to get those number, a lot of little donations, then a few huge ones were made (Tom Steyrs buys elections for the left regularly). Don't kid yourself...How do you come up with that information, it doesn't seem to be in the article?Money in politics is bad!

Unless it is for candidates I favor. They're not corruptible like the other guy!Not so big on the GOP either....

Libertarian, because people own themselves.I read all about about these as a 12 year old (4+ decades ago) and went to see the few specimens available (Smithsonian had one I think), so when they turned up in 2000 it was pretty cool...Government: Takes money from a lot of people and gives it back to a few after skimming an ever changing percentage. 

Politics: The only winners are the news media who make out in every election.Perhaps, but I tend more towards power corrupts and is enticing to the corruptible. Any person who seeks to rule others is suspect, not to mention the egocentricity and narcissism required.

It's a system that gives power without equivalent accountability. The concept of sovereign immunity is perverse at it's core, as is qualified immunity.  Hockey players are entertainers, and you don't keep your entertainer job by pissing on the audience.  

Just saying they should think hard on that...
And lastly if you think anyone will successfully sue any government agency review the terms sovereign immunity and qualified immunity...For what? The regional head of the EPA knowing and quitting? The water planet managers charged? 

It's all out there, start with the Detroit Free Press, Detroit news and Flint Journal...

Here's one article on the EPA's non-action. See when she "retired" to spend more time with her family.

Here is an article on the arrests of treatment plant managers...

Good enough start?

http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/politics/2016/01/12/epa-stayed-silent-flints-tainted-water/78719620/

http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/04/20/3-officials-charged-in-flint-water-crisis-more-arrests-seen.htmlAnother article pointing to Darnell.

Part of the problem is that the tenure as Flint Manager was fairly short. Darnell was in, then Kurtz, then Darnell again.

But again, we are focusing on a tree when the entire fucking forest was burning.

http://www.truth-out.org/news/item/34682-emergency-manager-who-switched-flint-water-resigns-from-detroit-schools
Not because people own their body.
Not because putting non-violent people in a cage is wrong.
Not because it will reduce the harm from opioids and alcohol

But for fucking revenue. I so hate fucking Democrats in Illinois.[Because he wasn't the city manager](http://www.mlive.com/news/detroit/index.ssf/2015/01/flint_em_darnell_earley_to_bec.html)You are clueless. 

The appointed city manager was a Democrat who had the job before and was appointed as a bone to the Democrats (bonus factoid, after screwing Flint, he was appointed manager of the Detroit school district)

The regional EPA knew about this (and resigned before any accountability). The state Department of ecology knew and said nothing as did the city department of health. 

Actually, managers at the water department were arrested and charged....

The issue was not Democratic or Republican malfeasance in particular, but general lack of government accountability, but lets stick with partisan politics because that's much more fun than  thinking...Gary Johnson and Jim web were not, and they were actual candidates in the election.

Bernie got screwed by HRC and did not get the nomination...Thanks, I was dubious of my guessBaker and Rainier in the morning?No it is not. If I am not adequately represented, I can not be put on trail or incarcerated. The requirement for representation is a limitation on the government, not a gift to the accused. No lawyer means no prosecution by the government (note, you are not given a lawyer in civil trials (person vs person), only criminal (state vs person))

You can find cases were inadequate representation results in mistrials and successful appeals, thusly, diminishing the governments power as it failed to meet it's obligation, and it's as if the trial never happened.  

It is the same for juries. If the state can not seat an impartial jury, there can be no trial, thus the basis for change of venue requests. 

Those are restrictions on the state actions. 

You seem to infer that anything the state does that I benefit from must be a positive right?So when a government (Say China, Cuba, Venezuela) prosecutes someone without adequate counsel, that's fine and good?  You are probably fine with those examples....

So all things government gives me is a privilege? Even if it must steal at gunpoint from others....

I can gather my own food without government. I can defend myself without government. I can not put myself on trial and jail myself without government. I can see these differences are difficult for you to see.
NO, a fair trial is a limitation on the government. It is not a fucking gift....

The government may not deny you your rights without due process. That due process is not a gift but an obligation of the government.The right to an attorney is a limitation on government. Government is giving you nothing, but is trying to take away your rights (perhaps or not for good reason). Government may not do that unless you are adequately represented, thus if you can't afford a lawyer, one will be provided (so the state can then fuck you).It is a limitation on government. If it can not give you a fair trial (speedy with representation), it can not try you.I would assume Whatsapps has been compromised
Ahh. Half of the oil refined does go into other products than gasoline so it makes sense. 

Still dubious it is not designed as a long term tax writeoff...
OK, now grow the capacity and the use in step. Since it creates a hydrocarbon (as opposed to alcohol) refining is a known, so production capacity is the blocking issue.  

But let's consider, net energy captured from by the Algae can not be greater than energy emitted by LEDs, thus energy consumed to make the light. Because energy transfer is always lossy, there is no way that in a closed environment this makes sense unless you are getting assuming power from solar power powering your LEDs.

In effect, you will be making carbon based batteries (once 100% renewable powered, until then your burning coal to make algae).Yah, maybe. 

Have to keep the water at stable temperatures and light levels through out a year (just July & August doesn't hack it), with continuous water movement and conditioning. Then, empty, strain and process the algae, while cleaning the vessels they were grown in.

I see it as a better shot than many of the other plans, but would still place bets on batteries before biofuels.Because MS is more evil than Google?For the ethanol mandate (corn based biofuel), the case is pretty damn clear that it's bad for everyone except ConAgra and ADM.

Palm oil, saw grass. have all failed to be net carbon negative, with tremendous land and water use issues, etc. etc. TANSTAAFL. I am not saying to stop trying to improve process efficiency, but it's going to be hard to beat the efficiency of pulling dense energy out of the ground, compared to clearing, planting, growing, collecting and processing.  

Frakking has resulted in CO2 reductions, biofuels haven't. Just being pragmatic.

If I had my way, all biofuels research money would go into power storage research, because that is the blocking problem to make distributed ubiquitous power collection practical.

 https://www.bing.com/search?q=Study%20shows%20ethanol%20mandate%20is%20bad%20&qs=n&form=QBRE&sp=-1&pq=study%20shows%20ethanol%20mandate%20is%20bad%20&sc=0-35&sk=&cvid=DD32C07ABD734F38BDA45526846CECCCI can see there were plans for an revamp and update after this embarrassment, but never see it implemented.

I do see loads of advertisement for Labs that will get your product the seal, tons of .gov sites talking about how great the program is (and we know how cheap it is for government to create and maintain web sites).

I see manufacturers proudly showing their stamps...

I see the EU and AUS have created there own same named programs, but with different standards and definition...

I'd rather see private efforts, like Underwriters labs and consumer reports, provide this information when the consumer demands it.
But Biofuels create more CO2 net than fossil fuels do.

This is like the ethanol mandate, sounds great, but is really bad for the environment, drivers, engines and anyone who buys food.[It was recently revealed the U.S. Energy Star endorsement was granted to a number of bogus appliances, including a gasoline-powered alarm clock and an “air purifier” that was really an electric space heater with a feather duster stuck to it.](https://www.greenlivingtips.com/eco-news/Energy-Star-fraud.html)
What if they are both right?And now you know why!At least Seals would utilize much heavier arms since the SS is basically limited to non-visible weapons.
As another drunk uncle, I approve!Got to be the damn Amish again!The horrors of cultural appropriation Vegans are a clear danger and should not have guns!Whether it is a Taurus, Star Gate, Cochrane Drive or Wizard Portal it's always "magic", but showy magic costs and people see lots of it so that's not a real value add.

As I said, there are enough interesting characters and interesting questions for me to want to see more. I don't need more ray guns and warp drives.They haven't. They have to have FTL, but with physical rockets they melt down so they can't go home. And, no robots, even though their habs are printed.... 

That's why I want to understand the premise so I might forgive this deus ex machina approach. I mean it's only 2036.... And I love it! 

Though that reminds me I need to red the next books before next season.I don't think so. I got the idea that it was outside the solar system.

Edit: at 5:58, just after he enter the station "Traveling to the edge of the galaxy can be physically demanding..."Let's use rockets (with 1000s of refugees in the blast zone, no blast director, etc.) to zoom around the universe to a new solar system, and be able to make radio calls in near enough real time for it to matter.....  

I especially like getting food and nutrients via RCA video cables attached to their suits...Watched it. Crap "science", but an interesting Solaris vibe to it.

Will watch episode 2Doing it this way so that I won't have a mortgage at the end (don't now).

Thanks muchThat "living allowance" or stipend was income that you paid no tax on. You are right in that it was not a wage (because as one it would be illegal), but a payment to offset some expenses, but still income.Would I allow a person person to donate their heart to their child? Not quite as drastic but clearer for discussion. And the answer is "probably". I believe a person should have the right to commit suicide (not depressed or otherwise incapacitated or unable to make an informed decision), so doing so and saving the life of their child would have to be OK.

I think the key for me is the ability to make an informed decision, and by immediate death we beg the question of can I make an informed decision for future me...

And you?I am not OK with the draft.

Military service is the closest I can think of slavery in that you give up basic rights (free speech) and the at-will right to quit, but I am not sure that it is slavery per se. Definitions matter.

I would not consider it slavery in that many protections still exist and it is for definite period (though even while serving you can petition for conscientious objector status)

Is the real question at what point is employment servitude? And is having to earn a wage to feed you and yours slavery?
Same reasoning, different label and place.

It's not because "progressives" believe people have a right to do with what they will with their body*, but because what is the best impact upon society as a whole in how we handle these people who are acting in ways we disapprove of...

*If they did own themselves, then obviously they would own the output of their labor, but society as a whole has first claim to that according to progressives.Isn't voluntary slavery oxymoronic by definition?

So voluntary would mean at least fully understanding what risk and duties would be called upon as a slave, but I would still have a problem with that in perpetuity and unable to quit at any time part...

Maybe 2 year stints like when you enlist in the military? That is probably the closest to voluntary slavery I could conceive as being possibly supportable and even there, in theory the UCMJ would protect you from arbitrary punishment that a slave would endure.

So no, I don't believe or support voluntary slavery.Almost sounds libertarian, except as a Dem, they aren't doing it because people own their bodies, but as a social engineering tool to fix society that they fucked up.

Note, they are still OK with throwing you in jail if you have too much, or the wrong type of plant....You mean like the CIA is using doctors in the mideast not to inoculate people but gather information and target various opposition leaders like Bin Laden?

Can something that is true be a conspiracy theory?As a libertarian I support voluntary socialism / communism, but it's always the guys with the guns saying I must participate that I have an issue with..Do houses sell fully furnished in your country?And Democratic Socialism is not communism!

We just celebrate the same,,,I am suggesting there is a reason that Europe disarmed their population before inviting refugees.
There is a reason you don't have guns...[Half breed?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt9XDdzzp2k)Well, you could have voted for a ticket with the two candidates with the most elected executive experience, most experience working across the aisle with a sane foreign policy of non-intervention...

But that's right, voting for no one is better than voting 3rd party because 3rd parties can't win (because we won't vote for them...)And I am sure Richard loves her too..People may not trust their incumbent, but they hate the other party a lot more... Funny that.

Trump was elected because people didn't trust the status quo establishment that HRC represented. He was a bad answer to a real problem, 

but don't blame me, I voted for Gary.Been used on sailboats for decades. That's because he has never done anything...But you got better...He is even OK with women driving...
Dags?Won't matter in 20 years...The same Jeffery Epstein that Bill Clinton dumped his SS detail to fly with down to his orgy island (five times)?

Who would have thought that Clinton and Trump hung out with the same pedophile?Was driving my mother's early '70s Buick Electra on a gravel road when a VW Bug slams to a stop in front of me. Momentum wins and the Buick shoves the VW's engine into the back seat.

The license plate on the buick was smudged.I don't know how big the libertarian party of Britain is, so I won't take responsibility for that.

By definition you replace patient priorities with political ones, which is fine as long as you are in power, you choose the priorities and you are happy, of course when you aren't in power it sucks...

Maybe the solution isn't to amass all the power....When you make something government provided, it will always be subject to political whims. Just ask Planned Parenthood.

"Need more specialist doctors". Do me a favor, since I assume you are for Medicaid for everyone, ask your doctor how long they can stay in business seeing only medicaid patients (and being reimbursed at Medicaid scale). 

The problem with a single payer system is there are no incentives to improve care, improve outcomes or innovate. Look at the VA for a clear example that the only way to control costs in a single payer system is to reduce pay (Lack of specialists & Junior doctors refuse to work for slave wages) or reduce services (long wait times & rationing).

In comparison, compare the fee for service model used for laser eye surgery that has driven down prices (making care more accessible), maintains high quality and outcomes and fosters new procedures and equipment regularly.Like the junior doctors strikes while the NHS goes under or the extreme wait times for specialists in Canada...

What flawed system am I touting? The free market?