Well said, but I want to caution you that not all in Russia is bad.

There are some aspects of Russian life that are infinitely superior.  I'll give you just one example.  The way Russian cities are designed is infinitely better than every single American city.  Why so?  It's because there is no profit maximization in most of the Russian cities (that's at least true during the days of the USSR... I mean nowadays all bets are off, right?).  The result: every building had ample space around it, including lots of greenery, tennis and soccer fields, parks, swings and sandboxes for the kids, and so on.  I'm talking about all this being right on the side of most residential buildings, or an extremely short walk away.  Lots of grandpas out playing chess or dominos or backgammon.  Moms walking in threes with their babies.  Kids are out playing in groups of 5 or 10.  There was LIFE in the city, and there was PUBLIC SPACE to have that life in.  There were fruit trees in the city that every kid was free to climb and enjoy.

In other words, Russian cities in the age of USSR were designed with commons in mind, and that's something that everyone around the world should learn from.  But to have cities like that we must forget about profits.  Because in the USA everyone will look at these spacious cities and think "Shit, I can build up that empty green space that presently only contains swings with more profit maximizing apartments or businesses." And this keeps happening until there is nothing left of the commons but the thin sidewalks, no greenery, two tiny parks that are only "parks" in name and not in form (a real park is a large section of a forest which has some walkways paved through it, not a tiny city-block-sized lawn with 2 trees, for fuck's sake), etc.

Also a real park is a commons where everyone feels like they belong.  It's not anybody's private property where you are made to feel like an interloper.  I say this because I've actually been to a quasi-private public-private park where even as I visit, I never feel welcome, and I never feel like I can just relax and be myself, but have to instead be on guard, and there are private cars patrolling that immoral land holding.  So there is at least one such atrocity here in the states, but I figure if there is one, there must be at least a few more.Yes, it's possible to heal from something you don't remember.  The reason why that's possible, is because all you need to heal is to understand your present-time cognition thoroughly.  Cognition is a big-picture view of everything as you know it to be.  It not only includes what you believe is "real" right now, but it even includes imagination and possibilities and your perceived notions of probabilities and so on.  In other words, cognition is something non-trivial and most people are not aware of 99% of what's happening in the middle of their own minds.  Which explains the sorry ass state that humanity is in.

But the good news is, you don't need to pull up the past to fix what's broken, because the brokenness is not itself in the past.

So for example, suppose in the past some wires in a circuit were stripped bare, and without insulation, there is now an occasional short circuit which screws up the function of a piece of electronics.  You don't need to know how the wire was stripped in the past or why.  You just need to know *that* it is stripped, and *that* it being stripped causes it to function differently compared to the alternative of having insulation.  Right?  The problem of a short circuit is not in the past, which is why you'd want to fix it, lol.

Basically if you want to fix or heal something, there is something that nags or itches you the wrong way, and you know what that is!  If you didn't know, why would you complain?  I mean, if the problem is in the past along with its cause, then right now is problem-free.  So even though the cause may be in the past, you know, however vaguely, how you'd like to ideally feel compared to how you actually feel.  That difference alone is enough to heal anything.

But that doesn't mean it's easy.  Cognition is very tricky to understand and most beings fail miserably when trying.  That's because almost no one understands the illusory nature of experience.  People tend toward appearance literalism (like if you see something that looks like a tree, you think "there is a tree there" -- that's what I call "appearance literalism"), and there is a huge tendency toward staying with the default views that one was born with, in other words, there is a nasty tendency toward conservatism of the heart and mind that isn't actually supported by reason.  It's driven by fear and ignorance.  So in this case, even though you can in principle heal anything, it doesn't mean you will be able to do it in a reasonable time frame.

But that's nothing to despair about.  Because ultimately you have many many lifetimes to sort yourself out.  So might as well keep plodding at growing your wisdom and making some, however potentially misguided, efforts at healing.  Eventually you're bound to get it right, just so long as you don't give up.  Understanding is much more important than doing.

Having said this, it just so happens that if you know the past as it relates to the present state of your cognition, it makes understanding things easier.  But not knowing it doesn't mean it's impossible, it's just harder in some ways, and you have to be more creative and more perceptive in how you assess your cognition.  It means instead of using a story of the past as a crutch, you now have to deduce a lot from just observing the present.  But you don't need to deduce the past.  You just need to deduce how the present functions and why that way of functioning is less than ideal, and then what is the ideal manner of functioning, and how you could reach that state.>  I'm disappointed in what the internet is becoming.

Profit motive at work.  There wasn't a single ad anywhere on the net in the days of Mosaic, and ever since the government opened up the net for commercial use, it's been a gradual slide downward.

We got more polish in some ways: bigger greener buttons with rounder corners.  But we also got ads, paywalls, and all kinds of deceptive practices, like sites climbing up the search ranks for no reason other than they want to serve you some ads.

Oh, and remember when cable TV had no ads because you paid for your cable?  Haha... and then these greedniks wonder why some of us haven't watched cable in decades, lol.  Why don't you all capitalist dogs try to squeeze even more profits out of us and see how many more people will abandon you?  Go for the kill crapitalists!  Charge what the market will bear.  I see the airlines are doing this already with their fees.  Everyone else is increasing their fees too.  Fucking morons.  You cannot squeeze blood from a stone.> Because you don't know what the best vision is until it's proven best in retrospect?

That would mean you didn't get into business with the intent to sell out, right?  It would mean you ran a fine business for a while, but then maybe you got old, or you developed a new hobby or something, and you have to sell when there is a significant life change.> Maybe a sell-out means a relief from all the burden? Or you make some big money to pursue another life goal?

Just based on this transaction alone, one might think buying your way back into business is much harder than selling out.  If you're selling out of this venture, then the question is, is there *any* venture anywhere at all that you will want to keep invested in?  If the answer is "no," then I suggest the path of renunciation.  On the other hand, if there is something that indeed you'd want to keep invested in, then why isn't that something the first thing you've done to begin with?  Why delay the best vision?>  When somebody acquires your tech product, that means your vision is finally being recognized and you know it's worth it for countless nights of getting wired in on the computer and shooting in the dark.

With regard to having a sense of validation in business, how about having paying customers?  Is it really necessary to sell out to feel accepted?I read the entire post before replying.  There is something that strikes me as strange about your cognition.  It's your level of excitement surrounding the prospect of the sale.  Each sale is a trade, and if you're getting this ebullient about a trade, it means there is some perceived disparity of values in your cognition.  Where that disparity is, I certainly have a clue, but I don't want to make it too explicit.  Let me just say that if you trade one thing of value for another thing of roughly the same value, your feeling should be one of contentment and peaceful joy, and not one of jumping for joy.  Is the prospective purchaser a moron and you're about to walk out of a very very "lucky" trade?  Or, are you the one who undervalues that which you are selling?  But if the latter is true, you shouldn't be jumping for joy, but you should be crying instead.  Or maybe it's something else entirely.  I just know one thing, I've had many good trades in my life, but I've never had to jump for joy regarding a trade if everything was as expected and above board.I agree 100% now.Do you know what a "preconceived notion" is?  It's when you know what is real and what isn't before you really look into it.>  Theres just no need to attack other peoples beliefs.

I wouldn't take it that far.  Maybe not "attack" but some beliefs should be criticized if you perceive them to be detrimental.  But before that happens, one has to investigate the merit of the belief in question in a sincere way.That's certainly one way to think about magick. :)I never said you have to read it.  But don't expect your comment to have a lot of weight if you comment on something you don't understand.> Is it because he ain't real

Not at all.  I explained the "because" in the rest of my 20 second post.I don't think Baal can give you anything in an ultimate sense.  It's you who gives Baal the qualities that it has, and thus you're the one who is giving yourself whatever it is, if anything.  In this haphazard way you may even end up having some power of invisibility, but if you don't consciously understand how it works, it will not be reliable or at the peak of its potential.  If humans don't give you what you want, there is no reason to think other free-willed entities will.  If it has free will, it is capricious.  That's kind of the very point of free will to begin with.  "How do I bring more unpredictable capricious presence into my dream?  Oh, I know, I will endow some parts of my dream with independent volition!"  If something responds obediently it isn't a free willed entity.  But, if you conceive Baal as an automaton, "asking" it is like when I "ask" my computer to load a new web page.  The meanings change from supplication to commanding.  The only reason anyone can ever command a free willed entity is when that entity has personal flaws, such as fear or ignorance, that can thus be exploited.  But if Baal has such flaws, do you still want its help?

Just sayin.  "Know thyself" and not "Know Baal."  Only your own freedom will not be capricious.  Everyone else, if they're free, they're free from your freedom.  On the other hand, you're also free from theirs, if they exist as such.> Who the actual fuck would trade California for Russia?

Basically this.  Only if you have huge wealth can you shield yourself and your immoral land holdings from the shit that swims in great quantities in Russia.  But wait, to make sure your wealth is protected you can't just keep it in a bank or invested, lol.  You have to make friends with the Russian bureaucracy and continually lick their asses.  You know, the so-called "krysha."  What a fucking life.

Russia has so much unrealized potential.  There are too many bigots and morons living there, and corruption reaches levels that make the USA corruption look like a real democracy.  You can't even fart in Russia without connections.I detest Trump, but the title is false.  While racism is a factor, there wouldn't be anywhere near the anti-establishment flare up if it were not for the rising wealth inequality.  And it's WEALTH inequality, Jeff, not income, that matters MOST.  Although they both matter, WEALTH inequality is the driver of income inequality, and not the other way around.  Pre-existing wealth claims structure who can get what sort of income and why so.  We're living in an age of neo-feudalism, but I wouldn't expect Jeffy to realize that.The GOP doesn't need Trump's help to make itself unpopular, but it does welcome it.God is the root of all qualities, including evil.  So God cannot be called "good," only maybe "awesome."  Plus, God toys with many universes, not just this one.  From God's POV universes are nothing but dreams.> The danger is when - as we've seen lately - politics values ideology over good governance. 

This is a confusing sentence.  You're making it sound as though "good" in "good governance" has nothing to do with "ideology."  In reality ideology is a system of values and beliefs that people use to determine what's good and what isn't so good.  In other words, you cannot remove ideology from governance, unless you want to get rid of all notions of good as well.  That's how you get evil governance, a governance that has next to no good in it.

The real problem is not so much that ideology is bad.  It's that we're using a shitty ideology - capitalism - to determine how to govern.  Capitalism is a system that sees its end game in massive wealth concentrations and in turning humans into products.  And if that's not enough, the ideology of capitalism sees environment as a mere resource to be used and abused for profit as well.

That's the problem.  It's not that we need less ideology.  What we really need is a better ideology that puts people ahead of profits and wealth.  (And since our government is presently for sale to the highest bidder, we really have our work cut out for us to achieve that goal.)

If massive wealth concentration is really the societal value #1, there is actually nothing wrong with our present government as it stands right now.  Our government is goddamn efficient at allowing the rich to get richer while productizing everyone else.There is still plenty of running in hellcrawl, but no guaranteed safety of the stairs up.  The only thing I can say is give it a try and see for yourself.  Hellcrawl is balanced in a different way from vanilla.  There is no food clock.  I cannot guarantee you'll like it, but it's worth a try if you like vanilla.> It's a manifestation of yourself so long as you are using those clothes.

This is what I am saying: I can take responsibility for something while also not being the very thing I take responsibility for.  I am using the word "thing" here in its most abstract form.


A painting isn't a painter.  A painter can take responsibility for a painting without necessarily being it.

>Every second on the physical plane, you're aging, changing, old cells are being destroyed and new cells are forming.

I'm not aging.  The body is aging, and even then, the body is only aging in a limited imaginary context.

> It's pointless to completely deny the ego

I don't like the word "ego."  I don't deny that I produce some effects.  I am only denying the notion that I am the same as the effects I produce.

>What is appearance? It's a collection of wavelengths and photons that we are able to perceive in the physical sense. 

Not at all.  Appearance is literally that which is apparent.  Wavelengths and photons are not apparent.  They're conceptual constructs that we optionally infer from appearances to provide one possible explanation for the appearances.

>Sure, I don't disagree with this sentiment but the fact is, dualities make up two points of a triad.

I'm saying that unity has no separate component parts.

If duality was something more than a mere appearance, then side A and side B would struggle in a contest that could never be adjudicated, because then there wouldn't be a singular cognition of an aloof judge.  That there is, in fact, an adjudicating cognition that resolves all struggles, means that duality is fake, and unity is real.  Duality is apparent, but ineffectual.  Unity is hidden but is causal or effective.

It appears like "trending" is just a random sample.  There is nothing "trending" about these subs.> Actually it is in a way. When you're wearing those clothes, they're binding to your physical body through friction and electro-static fields. You give your clothes "life" (loosely using the word "life" here but you get what I mean) through the action of moving around in them.

A thing cannot be me if I don't need that thing.  If I can remove or stop some function and still remain myself, then whatever it was, it wasn't me.

>Nature is both dualistic and monopolar this is the paradox that physicists have been grappling with for years. It's illusory in nature. An example would be Heisenberg's uncertainty principle. The idea that one cannot accurately measure the speed of a particle while simultaneously measuring it's position and vice versa. The Yin Yang is an example of this. Two dualities working in tandem to make up the monopolar nature of reality.

The Yin Yang emblem means that duality is appearance.  Whereas unity is the truth.  You have to place unity above duality to get the full power of that symbol.  The fact that it's one circle is not as obvious as the black/white divide inside.  In other words, the dualistic nature of appearances is a distracting illusion.  The unity is a more subtle truth.

The ability to reconcile the opposites is the holy grail of insight.  Duality is imaginary.  Duality is necessary for cognition (one cognition, not two), but duality isn't actually powerful, precisely because it's internally split up.  Only that which is unified is powerful.

Also, "to heal" is "to make whole.">  The fact is, there are two "you's". There is the physical "you" and there is the metaphysical "you".

The physical "me" is no more me than the shoes or the clothing are me.  I control some of its functions (and the level of control depends on the level of my self-awareness).  But it isn't me.  It's a product of my mental activity which I partially control.

Also, at the deepest level of insight, even the incompleteness of that control is very much deliberate and is desirable.  So even the incompleteness of control is just a wrapper on top of total control.  This means one's will is unified and is 100% causal in the ultimate sense, if not during the day to day practicalities.

>This is the dualistic nature of reality and it doesn't make sense to deny one over the other but instead acknowledge that they both exist as the all itself.

Actually it does make a lot of sense to deny dualism.  That's because dualisms have the problem of trying to reconcile the two domains.  Ultimately there is only mind with its spectrum of consciousness ranging from visceral to totally implicit sub or unconsciousness.  In this there is no issue trying to reconcile any two fundamentally foreign and unrelated domains.

Our journey has been like this: intractable problems in dualism -> materialistic monism -> intractable problems in materialistic monism -> ?

Then this question mark can be a number of options, but none of them will be dualism.  It could be panpsychism which has its own problems, neutral monism which I think is really dumb, some type of idealism (they're not all the same), etc.  To my mind some kind of idealism is the best answer if reason and logic are important.  And of the various types of idealism only subjective idealism is powerful enough to explain everything.  Of course people generally cannot stomach it for reasons that have nothing to do with the explanatory power or logic.  People reject subjective idealism for aesthetic reasons, usually.  Not because it's lacking in logic.  So my prediction is, most of the world will converge on [Kastrupian](https://www.youtube.com/user/bernardokastrup) (youtube channel) idealism and panpsychism.

Edit: I think Donald Hoffman's "[conscious realism](http://www.cogsci.uci.edu/~ddhoff/ConsciousRealism2.pdf)" (pdf) might also be an interesting contender, but I think this philosophy hasn't been very exposed to the public compared to some others.  If Donald does a bit more to promote and to popularize his philosophy, it might be a big player too.>  we ourselves are made of matter.

I experience matter.  Outside of experiencing matter there is no other matter.  I'm not composed of my experiences.  Experience is something that appears on the surface of my being, like ripples on water.  We wouldn't say water is made of ripples.  I'm borrowing this metaphor from Bernardo Kastrup.

I'm not made of matter, but my body is.  I experience this body, but I am not identical with it.  A dreamer dreams the dream, but isn't identical with the specifics and contents of any dream.  A dreamer is always more complex than any specific dream.  The potential to dream other dreams, the ability to interpret meanings, all that is not present inside the dream.  All that is a property of the dreamer.  A word doesn't come with its own interpretation.  Neither does a pencil.  I have to interpret those.  And if I had no imagination, I wouldn't be able to interpret anything, because interpreted meanings are always relative some imaginary context.  Dreams do not supply imagination.  Dreams are only whatever appears in the most visceral and most conventional sense fields.  Imagination is that which could appear within conventional sense fields but doesn't, a hint of a possible appearance.  Imagination is a property of the dreamer.  There is something even more subtle: it's something I am not readily able to imagine right now, but in principle could.  That's also a property of the dreamer.Magick is very different from just about anything else in that it's something that's beyond convention, and cannot really be learned in conventional ways.  You can read all the books in the world, but they're just hints.  If you interpret those hints incorrectly, you'll be lost.  If you interpret the hints in a poor manner, you'll get some very constrained version of magick.  Only if you interpret everything in the best and highest possible light will you get the real thing, but therein lies the problem.  No one teaches how to extract meaning from intimations of meaning.  It cannot be taught.  It's something you either have to already know, or learn on your own.  No one can teach you how to shape your own will the way people can teach you how to play tennis.  When a 2nd person is playing tennis I can observe their body.  When a 2nd person is shaping their will, I see nothing.  There is nothing to learn from.  You only ever know your own will.  You can only infer, at best, something about the volitional and mental state of another.  This lies at the heart of why magick is, and always will be, much more difficult than any conventional skill that can be learned by observation and mimicking.  Remember this: mimicking is the lowest form of learning.I don't want to duplicate the past.  I'm only saying FDR meant serious business when he was protecting society from the super-rich, and when it came to economics the Dems used to represent the common person a lot better than today.Not a problem.  I note your opinion.  I just have a somewhat different opinion.  I actually liked talking with you.  Maybe we can talk again.  It's not necessary for us to agree to have an interesting discussion.I wouldn't take it that far.

My position is more nuanced than total apathy.

I think demons can be subjectively dangerous.  I also think it's important to constantly remind people that the danger is ultimately an illusion to maintain a sense of transcendence, which will not eliminate difficulties, but it will temper them and it will give people the strength to go on during hard times.

There is enough danger to be respectful, but not enough to panic.

Someone who is attracted to Bardon's book, which is written in a super serious tone and very literally, is much much more exposed to danger!

Another word for "dangerous" is "effective."  Dangerous is that which can cause a great change rapidly.  Safe is that which doesn't cause a great change at all, or causes it only over a very long period of time.  An individual mote of dust is safe precisely because it has an extremely limited impact on our experience.  But a huge tree trunk is not safe because it can crush the body under some conditions, which is a great change to a life of a typical body-reliant human.

A scalpel is dangerous, but it's also a scalpel that can help heal some types of grievous injuries the fastest, precisely *because* it is dangerous.  It's because it can bring about rapid changes.  When this is used skillfully, a "miracle" healing can occur.  If someone were to operate using a scalpel without any skill, lasting bodily damage can result.  So potential for danger is not a bad thing as long as one approaches that potential with wisdom and intelligence and care.> So how do you justify the claim that a demon couldn't hurt you

I am saying that *before* a demon can hurt you, a certain mental condition must be fulfilled.  The sort of person who will gravitate toward that bubble gum comic PDF primer will, in my view, *not* fulfill that condition.

Then, drilling deeper, as someone who *has* been hurt massively in all sorts of ways, as horrendously undesirable and objectionable as all those hurts are, they are nonetheless subjective and illusory.  In truth that which I really am is invincible.  I am not a body or any other structure.  It's structures that get harmed when they lose their shapes and when we believe those shapes must be protected.  I am not any such structure.  I know this in principle and I practice in this vein.  However, in practice of course I can get hurt in the sense that I can enter an experience I wish I hadn't.  This has happened to me many times.  Actually I think if this never happens to someone, then that someone isn't even doing anything very occult to begin with.  The occult naturally is designed to play with the boundaries of experience, so I don't think it can be constantly fun and comfortable anyway.  At least, not in my view.  At least occasionally some uncomfortable strangeness is going to happen to anyone serious in this.

>People can hurt you no matter what your attitude is toward them, why is magick different?

Magick isn't inherently the same or different.  How magick relates to ordinary experience depends on the mindset of a practitioner.

I speak only from my experience.  In my experience people are absolutely convinced that "other people" are very real and absolutely demand a totally serious and literal response in every case.  In other words, if someone falls down next to you on the side walk, that's not a joke, and you must help this person up.  And so on.  But in *contrast* to this, most people in my experience would regard things like spirits or special powers to be fantasies or delusions.  Instead of demanding a literally serious response, such things demand pity, and a suggestion to take a trip to a psychiatrist, or something like that.  People even when they take strange experience seriously, don't take them seriously in a literal way.  In other words: demons are not literally demons, but delusions, and they're serious *as* delusions, and not as actual demons.  I think this attitude is fairly typical.

Now I imagine someone who is attracted to a PDF like that is probably someone who hasn't experienced anything strange in their life, but is just curious.  So, at best, they'll experience a very mild result that will very likely appear mostly unreal.

The people who know how serious the experiences can get will not want to read this bubble gum manual.  I think.  On the other hand, those who don't know, their state of mind is usually not ready to produce a powerful experience anyway.

There will always be some strange exceptions, but we cannot prepare for those, and just have to deal with them as they arise.> Sounds like you're coming at this from a purely psychological perspective. Is that right?

It depends on what you mean by "purely psychological."

My perspective for working with anything occult is "all is mind" but also "the mind is not in my head."  The mind is not localized anywhere at all.  I experience my head but my experience doesn't issue *from* my head and nor is it located inside my head either.

So if you understand all this, then psychology is very important in my approach, but it doesn't mean to me what it would mean to physicalists.  A physicalist believes that while the personal psychology may enter into a deviant state, the world "out there" remains whatever it is "physically" supposed to be, and is just waiting for your psychology to normalize, and once it does, you can see it again.  So the scope of intent is limited to just one person in this view, and actually it's often even less than one person, because in this view you may not feel like you can regulate your autonomic functions, so it's even less than a person, like a fraction of your own bodily being.

In my view that limitation is not present at all.  I can in principle regulate anything whatsoever in my known world.  There is no limit.  I could make the sky green.  I could make it green forever.  I could bend space and time for a brief instant or for an indefinite duration.  And so on.  There are no actual limits that are imposed on me by something external to myself.  Instead there is a practical limit of what it is I am willing to live with.  I know from first hand experience that some types of experiences are way more than I can handle, so I don't want to try them out, even though I know I can.  I am gradually learning how to be less addicted to sanity and less threatened by insanity.  Key word: gradually.

I respect the power of my own mind, which is not a little ghost in my head, but is indeed the God of my own world, which is the only world I will ever know and experience.  I respectfully take intelligent spiritual risks which push my boundaries but not so much that I will become dysfunctional.> Do you think that someone who performs a goetic evocation without a fully serious grasp on what they're doing will come out the other side unscathed? 

As long as they think they're just playing a game, yes.  They'll be OK.

The danger point is when the person takes their experience seriously.  So for example, let's say a demon appears, and you think it's a game.  In that frame of mind, it's not scary and it doesn't require any kind of response.  If you think it's serious and real, then the demon is possibly a threat, and requires an immediate response.  This panic can escalate, and that's how a person gets into trouble.I think you know exactly what would make your situation better.  And that is: if you could *regulate* the paranormal activity, right?  Imagine you have a spigot that regulates it and when it gets too much, you can turn it down to a trickle or even turn it off completely.  When life is too boring, you can open the spigot a bit and let some paranormal activity back into your life again.

Now what if I told you, that's exactly the sort of ability you have?  These things happen in your life because on *some level* you've allowed them to happen.  That level might be buried deep, but there is a good chance you can "reach" it if it's buried.

In order to gain some sense of control in this kind of situation, you have to realize everything that's happening is a product of your own mind, including this entire known world.  You can regulate it.  Regulating your experience is a creative approach.

On the other side of creativity lies tolerance.  Tolerance is an attitude that you're OK no matter what happens.  This in my experience is very hard to develop, for reasons that I hope are obvious.  Also, if you are in a victim modality, I don't think it's the best time to learn how to develop tolerance.  Tolerance is best developed when you feel on top of your life, which is ironic perhaps.  The irony is, if one could immediately benefit from having more tolerance, it's also hard to develop it just then.  That's because the mindset of tolerance is one of being invincible, it's one that can outlast anything and everything.  The mindset of tolerance is not a victim mindset, because a victim perceives fragilities and vulnerabilities that must be defended.  I'm using some binary language here, like "either you're a victim or you can tolerate anything" but in truth everything is on a spectrum, I hope you realize it.  So the binary language is not to be taken literally.  I'm only speaking of tendencies which come in degrees and the different ends of the power spectrum, which is anything from totally disempowered to totally empowered, and anything in between.

If you do not trust doctors, you have only yourself to rely on.

Not all doctors are hostile to the notion of spiritual experience.  If you're lucky you might be able to find a doctor who will not undermine your experiences but who will listen to you on your own terms and will help you without imposing a totally different worldview on you.

I just want to tell you that you're a lot more powerful than you perhaps realize.  It might not look it that way now, but you have the power to regulate the amount and the degree of strangeness in your life.  You can also regulate the quality of your experience.  And as for how to do it, nothing could be simpler: simply intend it!  If that's too abstract, then make an affirmation like this "My life has become more peaceful now.  There is less strangeness in my life.  That is my will and that's how it is."  When you say this, if you feel genuine and honest about it, great!  You can look forward to a very good result.  If you feel like you're lying when saying it, don't panic.  Instead keep repeating the affirmation and investigate why is it that you feel like you're lying when you say it.  Then address whatever comes up, because I am saying, you don't have to feel dishonest when saying that affirmation.  So you may have to examine which beliefs get in the way of this affirmation being honest for you.  Then question those beliefs.  Investigate them.

>I hope someone can listen and share their experiences to comfort me.

I've had a time in my life when things were getting really out of hand.  At one point I thought reality was becoming completely unglued and I was totally losing my sanity whereby I no longer knew what was real and what wasn't.  I also felt like an entity had possessed my leg.  And I could hear constant voices in my head having a discussion, like being at a loud flea market.  These voices were not demanding anything, they were just saying garbage and being noisy.  This sounds pretty bad right?

Luckily I got the idea that I could control everything because everything was in my mind.  I stopped believing that there was an entity in my leg, and the sensations in my leg vanished within a week or so.  I then developed an attitude that when put into words goes like this, "It's *my* mind, so *I* rule it.  I decree that my mind is to be silent unless I want to verbalize some thoughts."  Then I would observe my mind with a firm expectation that what I want out of my mind is exactly what will happen, and voila, all the voices vanished without a trace in like a day or two.  As for a lot of the other weird stuff in my life, I knew how I was causing it.  I was causing it because I was focusing my mind in specific ways.  So I just stopped focusing my mind in those ways.  In short, my life returned back to normal, one might even say boring, pretty quickly.  This has also taught me to respect the power of my own mind and not to fuck around with it unless I am ready to experience whatever consequence I evoke, and I can evoke anything (just not ready to live with it, as it happens, lol, so evoking some things will have to wait then until I am more ready).>No, you don't understand correctly. And I'm starting to think that you're twisting my words on purpose. This manual is about magick. It has a silly, funny design that is evocative of silly, funny video games. People who put stock into this manual, particularly beginners, will take on aspects of this attitude toward magick into their practice. That is not good.

OK, so my original understanding was right.  This is what I thought you were saying at first.

To which I say: your concern is unwarranted.  Whoever works with this manual using the silly and funny attitude suggested by the imagery there will not come to any harm.  They'll either waste time or experience very mild results which will make them want to get more serious and make them want to look for better books.  The PDF doesn't pretend to be anything more than a primer.> For someone to work the exercises in this manual, they don't have to be serious about it.

Which in turn will put a very low ceiling on just how psychologically damaging this could get.  So there is nothing to be concerned about, short of just wasted time, and the sense that you could be running around in circles without knowing where you're going and why you're going there.

> But the result of the video game motif used here is not that this manual isn't taken seriously, it's that magick isn't taken seriously.

So your main concern is not how this manual affects the reader, but the sort of face it puts on the occult in general.  If I understand this correctly, you want the broader public to respect the occult, and so you want the occult materials to comply with the mundane standards of respectfulness.  Do I understand correctly?> Occasionally I lucid dream, but I don't get a restful sleep when I do

I've lucid dreamed lots, and it's always been extremely restful for me.  I could never tell any difference in restfulness.  That said, even just ordinary non-lucid dreaming can be lacking in restfulness, and in my experience this happens when there is a perceived source of anxiety in daily waking life.

> In general, I find my dreams are almost like a psychological and spiritual barometer that points to some area of my life that needs introspection.

I have many categories of dreams and while I find many of my dreams significant and in some cases I've had dreams that have greatly affected me for the rest of my life, I also find that there are a lot of junk dreams of no significance at all.  For example, I might just be leisurely milling around here and there.  What significance is there?  Or I am having some mundane tear-inducingly boring conversation with someone.  The only thing this tells me is that my mind has a significant habit in producing boring and pointless fluff experiences.  Or to put it a different way, if there was a point to lots of these dreams it was just to relax by acting leisurely in my dreams.  It's not anything I need to respond to on a dream-by-dream basis.

I don't like to admit this, but this mundane kind of dream makes up to around 90% of all my dreams, lol.  Especially if I am not doing something strange with my mind right before bed, there is a high probability of a mundane dream to follow.  If I am meditating while falling asleep, or if I've been doing something intense during the day, I may get a correspondingly intense dream too.  If I do a lot of concentration meditation once daily for say a week, I am highly likely to get reaaaaaly weird dreams during that week.

Also a lot of my dreams are what I call "fear dreams."  It's a small percentage, but it happens fairly regularly, which is why I say "a lot" because I've had more than say 50 of these in my lifetime, and also because these dreams seem very familiar to me, like old friends.  They're not nightmares because they never dominate my mood, but they're all the scenarios I don't want to happen.  Like for example, I might dream of my teeth crumbling or something like that.  It's what I don't want to happen.  Once I dreamed I was surrounded by all these insects all over the place and I was extremely annoyed.  They're just scenarios I don't like that my mind plays out for me in a "what if" type of game.  If my mind could be a person, it would be like "So, you don't like this?  What if it were to happen like this... how do you feel about that?"  In the worst case scenario I get annoyed, but I hardly take these dreams seriously.  Instead they make me want to slap my mind, lovingly of course.  Since I do love and respect myself.  But I mean, "come on mind, stop jerking around and get with the program here."  My subconscious mind sometimes behaves as a dumb baby, or even as a troll that's trying to troll me in my dreams.Can you rephrase that paragraph?  Because the way it's written now, you appear to argue that the PDF could be taken seriously despite its gaming imagery which prevents it from being taken seriously.>Curiously, the proposed rule from the FCC would not have applied to companies like Google, Amazon, or Facebook, creating artificial winners and losers in the internet industry.

LOL> As well, the idea that you could only get a bad foundational attitude toward magick if this is your only interaction with occult texts or communities is flat out wrong. If someone puts enough stock into this thing to work their way through it, or even just to read the whole thing, they'll likely adopt a lot from it, consciously or not. Especially a beginner.

Where does the Qur'an absolutely demand Sharia?
So you're either an informer and you're helping the police or you do something the police doesn't want you to be doing?  You can't be both.  You cannot be a misbehaving informer.  Or...

One possible scenario I see is that there is pressure on Trump to "prove" he is not a Russian spy.  And Trump might then say, "I'm no spy, I'll prove it... watch this guys!  Would a spy do that?  eh?"  I'm not saying that's what happened, but it's possible.  Since no one wants to tell us directly what is going on at those levels of government and politics, we're left here to guess, and guess we must, because we have to make sense of whatever is going on.  So if they keep a lot of this shit secret, they're basically asking people to fill in the blanks at least sometimes.

Trump is not exactly a forthcoming individual.  See his tax returns, for example.  Plus Trump has lied so often, his credibility is pretty much zero now and no one even bothers to keep track of anything he says.  Not even McCain.

He even told his mindless lovers that he lied to them, straight to their face:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BB38DvTV5kc

Just like that.  Straight up.  "Listen up people who are here to support me and vote for me.  FUCK YOU!  Hahaha... I lied to you, and what are you going to do?  Ahahaha... You need me more than I need you.  Fuck you my dumb supporters."  He didn't say those words, but that's the meaning of everything he says in that video I linked.

At a different time on twitter he also said something like he could be shooting babies on the street and his supporters will still vote for him.  This was during the run-up to the election.

(Edit: According to the spy narrative one can be a double-agent, or even more than double sometimes.  I doubt Trump is a literal spy.  I think Putin and his cronies wanted Trump to feel a debt of gratitude, or if we believe the dossier scenario, then Putin had a carrot plus stick approach to Trump.  The carrot was all kinds of lucrative business deals.  So this isn't necessarily spying per se, this could be more like lobbying at an international level.  Big money in politics.  That sort of thing.  If you cannot defeat the country in a military conflict, why not just buy their government?  It works for the domestic super-rich big money interests, so why wouldn't international parties try this approach?  Our government has long been for sale to only the very highest bidders and if this becomes a global game, then what?  Oh, btw, has Trump ever screwed people he took money from?)>Dunno how you write so much without being able to read. 

Reading, no problem.

Following orders -- problem.> Would you hold a conservative or scientologist to the same standards of debate youd hold a member of an African tribe to?

Yes.

>They didnt grow up with Iraqi identity, they grew up as a member of their village that they leave once every 4 months to go to the neighboring village. That and the Quran are all they know, oh and war. Big surprise they dont seamlessly integrate.

If you took the above scenario and replaced the Qur'an with some peaceful religion, like say Jainism, would the situation be different?

Tibet has been occupied and exploited by China, but have Tibetan Buddhists resorted to something more than self-immolation protests?  And even then, HH Dalai Lama has largely condemned self-immolation.

Right, people have problems.  But how they respond to problems also matters.  If the response to war and economic exploitation is "we just need more Islam" that's not a good response.  But where would people get the idea that they need more Islam?  (Imagine I was a butterist and I worshiped butter, and no matter what the problem was, my only answer would be: more butter!  If this was my level of thinking, would you want to criticize me or not?  Maybe if I threatened your life for daring to offend my butter stick, you'd treat me with respect?)

You have a choice here.  Be paternalistic toward these tribals that you speak of, and treat them like babies once they immigrate to the West.  Then you can lay down the law.  And then, as their parent, you can tell them "no Islam, Islam is bad, mmm-kk???  Me be your daddy now, me tell you the house rules.  You be my son and daughter, you be listen now.  You got it?"  That's one choice.

Second choice: treat all human beings as responsible adults.  As responsible adults they have a choice what religion to espouse and how to interpret it.  As responsible adults they sometimes must hear the criticisms directed toward their religious views and must not be shielded from them in the way we shield kids from certain themes they're not ready to face yet.  That's the price of living in an open and adult society.

No matter which you choose, you'll need to be doing some uncomfortable things somewhere.  There is no clean out.Welcome to the club.  I've been long banned from /r/worldnews.  That place does not tolerate any criticism of the Islamic doctrine.  I'm not going to speculate about "why" but I'll just say, it's horseshit, and it serves no one to block such discussion.

Your comment is intelligent and while I don't agree 100% with what you say, in my view it's necessary to allow comments like yours if we want a real discussion about the merits and demerits of Islam, and also, since people insist on comparing Islam to Christianity, we might as well discuss similarities and differences.

There are certainly differences between the Christian dogma and the Islamic one.  But there are also similarities.  For example, they both claim that an external God is ruling over all and that this external God demands things from us, like specific behaviors or feelings.

Religion is very much unlike ethnicity and nationality.  Ethnicity and nationality do not have doctrinal content.  Religions often do, and specifically Islam absolutely does have such content.

I don't agree that Islam allows only a negative interpretation.

I think if we use a scale of 1 to 10, where 5 is neutral, 6-10 is negative and 1-4 is positive, Islam allows a range of interpretations between say 3 and 9, so it skews toward the bad for many reasons, but with creative enough mental gymnastics you could certainly get a 4 or even a 3 from it.

On the scale of things that are bad, the worst is capitalism, which forces us to live in economic slavery, always slaving for the good of the biggest capital holders. Without a huge political change that would require a great many of us to cooperate, there isn't much room to get free of this system of private ownership and the fact that most of us are born to an Earth where everything is already preowned by everyone else, and we have nothing but our bodies and souls to sell for diminishing wages, on conditions dictated by the employers by and large.

Aside from this clusterfuck, religion is #2 on my pet peeve list.  And of those, Islam is #1 mind destroying and oppressive religion by far, that teaches people dysfunctional attitudes and brutal behaviors.  It's horrible.  I don't think all religions are equally bad, but Christianity and Islam in my book are two of the worst ones.  Part of the problem is that they're both very triumphalist, which is also why they have such outsized numbers of adherents compared to the non-triumphalist religions.  Christianity has a gentler doctrine than Islam and a gentler founder, but it was practiced equally as brutally as Islam for much of history, and it's only relatively recently that Christians have somewhat simmered down, if you will.  Even then, they still want to stop people from having an abortion and they insist that serving gay people a cake interferes with their religious freedom.  Right?  So even when Christianity has simmered down, it's not all that great to have as a neighbor.  I won't even talk about Christians in places like Russia or Africa.  They can be worse.

And Islam... oh my.  Islam has a much more brutal and mean doctrine than Christianity, and a similar history of conquest, and it hasn't exactly simmered down.  There haven't been any big reform movements that have gained popularity and have taken hold.  The brightest hope are Ahmadis, and look how most of the Muslims treat them.  Sufis also often find themselves being persecuted by the more legalistic Muslims.

There is no doubt in my mind that this Earth would be a much happier place without either Islam or Christianity, but if I could only get rid of one, no doubt I would pick Islam.

The only way Islam can stay is if the Muslims agree to hear criticisms directed at their religion.  If Muslims think they have to be immune to criticism, it won't work.  We can criticize Christianity.  I've been saying critical things about Christianity and I haven't been banned or reprimanded.  Why is there such special treatment for Islam, when in fact Islam deserves more criticism and not less?  That's not going to work in the long run.  The mods can try to sweep this under the rug, but it won't go away until they face reality.

We shouldn't be physically mean to Muslims.  We should not bomb anyone or shoot anyone.  We should not deport anyone.  But criticism?  Fuck yes.  Absolutely.  We have to speak out.

I detest conservatives right here in the USA.  Do I want to bomb them?  No.  Do I want to shoot them?  No.  Do I want to deport them?  No.  Do I have a goddamn right to criticize the fuck out of them every day, if that is my wish?  Abso-fucking-lutely YES.  And if I can relate this way to conservatives, I can also relate this way to Muslims.  There shouldn't be any special treatment.  Muslims shouldn't be protected from criticism in the way conservatives or Christians or Scientologists aren't.> Not only does the average person never end up waxing philosophical on the games they play

In my circle this is actually very common.  It's even necessary in the genre I like to play.  I like roguelikes and if you lack self-awareness of your own style of play, there is no hope of playing beyond the beginning of the game.  The game practically demands a contemplative approach if you want to get to the middle of it, never mind winning it.

>As well, the idea that you could only get a bad foundational attitude toward magick if this is your only interaction with occult texts or communities is flat out wrong. If someone puts enough stock into this thing to work their way through it, or even just to read the whole thing, they'll likely adopt a lot from it, consciously or not. Especially a beginner.

No beginner will put 100% stock in this PDF, because even the beginnerest beginner will have been exposed to the "readme" list in the sidebar, etc.  Literally no one starts to get serious about some random PDF they have found online.  That's now how people operate.  And that's the thing.  You're arguing against yourself now.  You're saying they will get serious about this PDF and *then* they will hurt themselves.  But at the same time, this PDF prevents people from being serious about magick.  You're having it both ways now.>  In magick, you only make it if you're serious.

I would say the most significant rewards belong to the serious.  It's true in magick.  And it's also true in gaming.  That said, being serious all the time can make one mentally constipated.  And then there is the question of what are we serious about the most.  If one is serious about all sorts of anti-magickal beliefs and then dabbles in magick, of course the result will be limited.  But "limited" is not necessarily a bad thing.  Some people just aren't ready to experience some things, myself included.  I've pushed things very seriously and got into some hot water where my experience was as serious as my commitment, but the problem was, my mentality at the time was not resilient and wise enough to actually sustain that.  So I had to somewhat retreat.

If I have to make an overreaching generalization, I will say we should be less serious about the so-called "real life" and more serious about "magick."  But there are so many nuances there and everyone really has to figure this stuff out for themselves to a large extent.

>But this kind of triviality shouldn't be encouraged, and it's a bad first impression. And that bad first impression can actually be a problem when it's part of the foundation of your training.

If your only point of contact with the occult is that little PDF, *and* you've never actually been serious in your gaming and never waxed philosophical about how you play and why do you play that way and not some other way, *then* you might indeed get a bad impression.

But how is that going to happen?  There is practically no way that one PDF will be your only point of contact with the occult media.

>There are certainly cases where people are literally not capable of dedicating 15 minutes a day to regular practice, but the vast majority are short-term circumstances. The rest are very rare, and certainly wouldn't have time for video games.

It's not about "doing the time."  One has to feel the need and know the reason for one's practices.  When one feels the need and knows the reason, practicing is natural.  Also, practicing doesn't need to be formal to count as serious.  Magickal practices are usually rooted in a very different worldview than physicalism which is rampant today.  Thus for a typical newbie it's going to be hard to become interested to the point of deciding to make a serious commitment.

> The problem is that magick isn't just a hobby.

I agree.  But gaming for many people is more than just a hobby too, and a few are pro gamers.

I still agree with what you're saying.  I just want to smooth it out a bit.

> It's not something you dabble in, once you finally get past sigils. It's got to be taken seriously, or you're going to 1) get burned or 2) get nowhere.

I agree.  But this anti-dabbling injunction should not be interpreted as a barrier to entry.

It's entirely possible to start out with some occult-like activities as a hobby, and then get deeper into it later.  It doesn't need to be all or nothing at every level.  I don't want to associate with casuals myself, but I still think they have their niche and their role to play.  I think we should praise the more serious efforts, but stop just short of discouraging people who cannot totally commit.> Is this complete objectivism still relevant today ?

Objectivism is not relevant to me and I don't even like Aristotle, but this video has a few simple ideas in it that are worth cherry picking.  I mean, I already think in the way that's appropriate, so this video has not changed anything in my mind, but it's a useful reminder of something I keep in a "cherry picked" state.

I agree that sentient beings should be something non-trivial, and the three categories of ordinary pursuits really do trivialize sentient beings.  Do animals have an intellectually vacuous inner life?  Or is it that we haven't found a way to interview them?  There is no need to slam animal intelligence to make a point that devoting one's life to finding and consuming food is not very productive.  That said, culinary art rises above the mere consumption of food and is probably exempt from Aristotle's criticism.

I think what that video is saying is that we shouldn't be trivial beings.  There should be some nuance or complexity to life, and life isn't about just hoarding everything, or status seeking, but about developing a greater understanding.

What's ironic is that objectivism provides the metaphysics conducive to hoarding because it implies stuff really exists and is actually worth hoarding, because it's objectively valuable and objectively real.  The same can be said about status.  If societies approach or approximate objectivity, then status becomes something objectively real as well, and trying to elevate and then lock your status in becomes justified.  So Aristotle preached good values with a system of metaphysics that was at-tension with those values.>>  for I know nothing
> 
> 
> 
> Now you're getting it.

Hypocrisy and contradictions are on display.Everything depends on intent.  Who is the audience?  What's the motivation?  If your audience is a bunch of stodgy conservative suits and you're trying to induce them to be more accepting or receptive to the ideas of magick, maybe you shouldn't be using the imagery of gaming.  If your audience is a bunch of game lovers, and you're trying to seduce them into something slightly more serious than gaming, but something which in its own way can also be very playful and fun, then using the imagery of gaming is pretty natural.  But even in the latter case it doesn't mean Bluefluke's particular approach and his specific choices are optimal.  But here the discussion would be why this specific gaming concept is not so good and how this other gaming concept would be better, instead of altogether poo pooing the imagery of gaming.> On the other hand /u/Nefandi makes the argument for gamification

I'm not arguing for gamification per se.  I'm only saying gaming is replete with metaphors or concepts that can be used to explain some otherwise more difficult to explain ideas.

Gamification as I understand it is the idea of turning everything into a video game, and not just that, but a very specific kind of video game with very specific features, such as points and collecting those points.  Do all video games revolve around collecting points?  No, they do not.  Do all games have the concept of levels?  No, they do not.  Do all games have a specific winning condition?  No, they do not.  Actually the fact that gaming is so diverse in its conceptions is an excellent parallel to the occult in my view.  But this isn't what "gamification" does.

Treating one's own life more playfully and more like a game is not what I would call "gamification."  But giving myself 5 points for every 5 minutes I meditate, and then giving myself a bonus "power up" cone of ice cream every time I collect 1000 points is what I understand as "gamification" and I wouldn't advise that.  As I was saying, not even all the video games are like that anyway!

>However many are swayed away due to the sometimes non-feedback way the experience happens.

Not many people understand that meditation can be a magickal and creative process.  For this understanding to sink in it could help to try a good guided meditation first, before doing it without any guidance.  Here's a good one:

http://www.dhammatalks.org/mp3_guidedMed_index.html

I'm specifically talking about the breath meditations.

>The issue is that a lot of games are trash and teach junk that doesn't really help the player. So it can be a double edged blade.(Or since it threefold, maybe like... a trident or something. Three edged blade? Triple boomerang?)

I agree.  But in this games are no different from other media like books, TV, radio, web.  A game is an interactive format for engaging the player in some structured activity and for conveying some information that is best conveyed through active involvement as opposed to passive observation.  Who is making the game, with what kind of understanding, and why, is much more important than the fact of it being "a game."  A lot of games are designed to just blow off steam mindlessly, but not every game is like that.> First, you underestimate the amount of wealth that is siphoned from 99% of the population and the impact that has on our society from top to bottom. Most of the world's wealth is held by fewer than one hundred people.

I know this.  You're the one who doesn't understand something: wealth is not money.  Money is a token we exchange for wealth.  Money only has trade value but no use value.  No one can eat money or drive it and its aesthetic value is next to zero in the grand scheme of things.  It's a valueless token that we exchange for wealth.

Now, get this: *real wealth*, not money, not tokens, but real valuable use-value stuff is held by very few people.  That's where the problem is.  And of course it's not just the holding, it's deeper.  It's how we relate to each other and to the land that creates the problem.  We honor these claims, and why?  We readily submit ourselves into servitude and why?  That's where the problem is.

>Second, the whole point is to rid ourselves of the wage slave system that is in place. It exists because our money is continuously devalued at or exceeding the rate of wealth creation which occurs naturally as processes become more efficient (i.e. it takes less time and energy to produce more over time). 

This is fundamentally false.  There used to be a gold standard before, and life under the gold standard was even more hell than now.  Business cycles were *more* severe, not less.

Wage slavery is *not* created by something we do with the valueless tokens we exchange for wealth.  It's created by something else entirely.  We can call it by many names, so how about I'll call it a cult of the owner?  We worship ownership and owners.  We don't find any problem with the institution of private property whereas we really should be skeptical of it.  We should see how private property and inalienable land access rights collide.

But that takes a deeper analysis.

>Second point on that and unrelated to cryptocurrency is I am not opposed to abolishing land ownership. However, forcing this on people a) is not practical in the near to medium term because people are going to disagree and b) asserting your (our) view on people violates their sovereignty. What I envision instead are pockets of land where people can voluntarily participate in the practice of non-ownership.

It's not so much about freeing up the land in a direct way, as *recognizing* something valuable we've all lost: access to something that is our birthright.  Without that access we've all been habituated to believe ourselves to be worthless people who are only fit to supplicate but who are *not* fit to demand anything or insist on anything.  This inability to demand is called "disenfranchisement."  It means you're out of the game.  It means you exist on the margins and have to be happy with whatever crumbs fall off the table.  It means you don't feel like you really belong here.  It means you feel like an interloper who has to sell one's body and soul for small change.  And whether that change is dollars or cryptocurrency, doesn't matter.  It used to be gold.  Gold had all the same properties that cryptocurrencies have.  Was exploitation absent in the age of gold?  Not just "no it wasn't."  But "fuck no, it wasn't."

>Fifth and final point. As two forward thinkers wanting what's best for us and future generations, I suggest you maintain openness and generally a friendly tone so your message is received. Otherwise it will not be received no matter if you are right or wrong.

I am only concerned about maintaining my personal integrity.  I don't hate cryptocurrency anymore than I hate gold.  It's just a tool.  It's not a solution at all.  It's a distraction.I'm not the person you're conversing with, but I think /u/xatoho is saying that games are *not inherently* a trivializing influence.  Which means, in the minds of some readers alluding to games will trivialize the discussion, while in the minds of others it will not trivialize anything.

I am a fan of both video games and the occult, and I think game concepts can potentially be very helpful in explaining some otherwise very difficult to explain occult concepts.  I personally would not rule out game talk as unproductive without first investigating what specifically is wrong with it.> The net is both wealth and income inequality are exacerbated / even enabled by central monopolies on the creation of money.

The primary driver is the institution of private property, followed by the loss of the land access rights.  Which then leads to the employer-employee relationship.  Cryptocurrency solves nothing.

We need a real solution and not a gimmick.  We have to change the way we relate to each other and the land.  Cryptocurrency will not do that.  We need to have a conversation about wealth.  Cryptocurrency doesn't do that either.  People who promote cryptocurrencies basically say this: "keep all your bad consumerist habits, keep your wage slave mentality, keep the dreams of being a huge proprietor alive, just switch to this new currency... how easy is that?"  It's very unfortunate.

Cryptocurrency is a tool, and it may even be useful here and there, but it's not a social movement and it doesn't change thinking or relationships.  Essentially cryptocurrency is the digital repeat of gold.  And we all know how *horrible* gold standard was, right?  Right?I agree with everything in this address, except one thing: wealth inequality is more important to study and report on than the income inequality because we have to highlight the difference between the elite owners of most of the assets, and the supplicating insecure masses of people who act as a labor force for these economic elites.  And to show this difference, as well as to show how at some point wealth just begins to make more of itself in our society, thus consuming resources and labor to fund this growth, we have to talk about the wealth inequality first and foremost.

Wealth inequality also neatly connects to the problem with the private property regime we have now, which gets in the way of inalienable land access rights.  Even if we couldn't let people exercise those land access rights for logistical reasons, those rights are still genuine rights and all the American people are stockholders of American land, collectively.  It's then an easy argument that if the inalienable land access rights cannot be facilitated, everyone should be compensated in lieu of this lost access, and here we can talk about UBI as a citizen's dividend.

It's the billionaire-owned media that's always trying to rope us into an income inequality discussion.  But income inequality is primarily a contest between wage earners.  That's not where we need to be focusing, although income inequality is also important.  So both kinds of inequality are important, but wealth inequality is much more fundamental to the situation of economic inequality than is income.  Wealth inequality is generational, dynastic.  It's by its nature aristocratic or feudalistic.  We really have to discuss that shit over and above income inequality.

With that out of the way, I agree with the rest.  It's a shame how our media have abandoned any pretense at journalism and are straight up selling the war before the war has even started.

The corporate media are not there to inform the public and let the public decide what to do with the information.  They are there to tell the public what they should think and feel.  It's a scandal.I've removed the joke.> "both sides are the same"

"in some important respects that some people care about more than the respects in which they are different">and what kind of fantasy world do you live in?

I am a creature of your own world, why of course.  I live in your fantasy.The EU member nations should have their own military capabilities on par with the USA, imo.  It's not "escalation."  It's called "balance of power."

The notion that people will totally give up power is just crazy.  Power can sometimes be scaled down because sometimes it can be excessive, but we'll never get to a point where every nation is very peaceful and meek.  As long as disagreements exist and as long as there are people passionate about their points of view, there will be social power dynamics.  In my view the mature thing is not to pretend this will go away, but to manage it.  Primarily the disenfranchised entities must be enfranchised (as long as they're reasonably moral, at least) or dealt back into the game, if you will.  If all the nations rely on the USA for logistics, guess what?  That means we have everyone by the balls.  That's not good.

I don't know if you've read Dune or not, but in that series there is a period of time called "Leto's Peace" or something like that.  It's peaceful because Leto is an absolute tyrant that suppressed anything and everything, unilaterally.  So peace is not always a good thing.  And struggle is not always a bad thing.  I think that's one of the points Frank Herbert was trying to make and I agree.  If I am peaceful for the wrong reasons, I am miserable.  I don't want to be miserable.  So peace alone is not enough.  We have to ask how has peace been achieved?  Why is it peaceful?  All that is important.Even so, there are so many reasons to avoid unilateral action:

1. Share the responsibility.

2. Create a greater appearance of legitimacy than anything done unilaterally.

3. Cost: spread the burden.

4. A possibility for checks and balances in the system.

It's not necessary to do this through the UN or with Russia's approval.  Even if the USA + EU + Australia + New Zealand act together that's already better than just the USA doing it.  If Brazil, Argentina, China, India and Japan can also be included, even better.  The problem with Russia is that they are in some ways a USA-wannabe.  Here we are trying to reduce how unilaterally the USA acts, but Russia would only want to do that with the motivation of itself acting one day unilaterally.  At least the present Russia under Putin I think is like that.  I don't trust Putin and I also don't like his vision of Russia.  I think what Putin envisions is disgusting and horrible.  So if this coalition has to work without Russia, I say fuck em at least for now.  When Russia starts respecting independent journalism, dissent, and democracy, let's talk about it again then.  Until then, who cares what Russia wants?  That still doesn't mean the USA should act unilaterally anyway.Some things change for the better.  Some change for the worse.> Frankly, it is and ought to be a global line.

And it should be defended by a coalition instead of unilaterally.  And the world's war crime police has to be subject to checks and balances that will never allow such policing to metastasize into something else. > On one hand, we claim to be moral police in the world and we should act like it.

Policing for war crimes should be done by a coalition of the willing that all share the burden together.  This coalition should also have a system of checks and balances to make sure war policing doesn't become something else.>I'm not a fan of Trump either but he's doing what Obama should have done the first time. Global norms require global enforcement. It's not idealistic, if you don't feel like getting gassed any time in your life (and I don't) it's a supremely pragmatic step to foreclose that possibility.

You're not in danger of being gassed any time soon.  This is why some of us oppose these wars.  Yea, some people somewhere far away might get gassed, but is it our duty to fix that by ourselves?

If there is no coalition of the willing to look after the war crimes in a relatively neutral way, why should one party take 100% responsibility for everything?

Our military budget is bigger than the sum of quite a few of the top national military budgets combined.  Something is very wrong with this picture, imo.  It's one thing to be strong, but it's another thing to be stronger than all the top nations combined.  That latter scenario is only good if you don't care about diplomacy and want to act unilaterally often.> Democrats drop anti gun

As a liberal I've been suggesting this idea over and over.  I don't understand why must we oppose gun ownership.

We'll save more lives if we move from a wasteful and annoying system of private cars to well designed public transportation.  But of course there is much more profit for the car and gasoline industry in selling everyone 2 tons of environment destroying metal.  Money concentrations!!!  Private profits!!! $$$$

I think the Democrats deliberately oppose gun owners in order to avoid winning, on purpose.  If there was no wedge issue with the guns, the Dem base would topple the GOP and that's not what the plutocrats want.  The super-rich want a strong GOP and a weak Dem.  That's *why* the super-rich *donate to both parties* and they want different things from the GOP than they want from the Dems.

The Democrats are paid by the big money interests to lose while appearing as though they're fighting hard to win, to placate the public.  It's a circus clown party these days.  The Dems are paid to throw the games.  They are paid to lose.  They just need to look somewhat believable when they fight so that it's not totally obvious they have no intention of defeating the GOP.

The Dems used to be a serious party in the FDR days.  That's been looooong gone.>  Is this punishment for messing around elsewhere?

Actually, not at all.  We could fuck up the whole world and not be punished.  This is punishment for greed.  We've abused our own people for too long.  Abuse outsiders and you're OK.  Abuse the insiders and you fall down from internal division.  American plutocrats have drunk too much of the middle class blood.  That's why.

I personally want a lot less war anyway, but I also firmly believe that the USA, if it had no internal divisions, could get away with some crazy shit and not suffer much backlash for it.

But our internal divisions are something we've done to ourselves.  In other words, only the USA has the power to bring down the USA and we've done it.  We've destroyed the middle class and created pervasive poverty and economic insecurity, and then pretended like nothing happened.  We've done it.  The "recovery" went to the top 5%.  The 95% experienced no recovery.  We've done it.  No one could have done this to us.  We've done it all our own.

Anyone who hates America just needs to relax and wait.  Our own American plutocrats will destroy us without any help.  Just be patient.  The task is 80% complete anyway!  The progress bar toward the destruction of the USA by the endless capitalist greed only has 20% left to go.> Everyone

In this thread, maybe.  But historically, no.  Historically the Dems have become GOP-lite and Bill Clinton is the best conservative president the GOP has ever wished it could nominate.  The Democratic party has come a long way since the days of FDR.  A long way *away* from its true principles.

Basically the Dems surrendered unconditionally to the GOP, and it was the "job" of the tolerant and open-minded liberals to tolerate conservatives and open their minds to the conservatives.Are you assuming that people want bipartisanship?

I'm personally not interested in bipartisanship.  I don't think bipartisanship will lead us toward the kind of society and life I want to live.  I can only accept some degree of compromise, but what bipartisanship asks of me in our present political climate is that I basically forget what I want and just serve the status quo.  I cannot do that.

To my mind "bipartisanship" means continued conventional capitalism with the oligarchs and plutocrats at the top and the suffering exploited masses at the bottom.  I don't know what is so attractive about it.  Bipartisanship has eaten and pissed on and shat on my soul all my life, and now I am supposed to want it?  It's not realistic.  I feel like I've been a servant all my life, but my country and my people have never served me like they should.  There hasn't been any reciprocity or mutuality and it's way too late and too slow to try to make gradual incremental steps toward reciprocity.  It's time to flip the script.>Yes, we know you guys want to cut off needed money in the name of ideological purity.

On charges of purism:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZ7Dmg_FpgI&feature=youtu.be&t=14m41sDoes he accept donations from big money interests?I remember how people thought Al Franken was so great, but when SOPA/PIPA came around, he instantly caved in and sided with the corporations.  Obama seemed like the man of the people, but when the test came, he revealed himself as a neoliberal capitalism lover, a war monger, and he revealed a complete lack of respect for the American people when he authorized mass surveillance, and so on.  And how long did it take Obama to take action on the North Dakota Pipeline?  Why did people have to protest so much and so long to get Obama to sign an order for environmental review?  As time goes on you learn to smell the corporate trash that talks sweet, but when the real test comes, will betray you.

Perez isn't our guy.  He's a corporate guy.  I ask: does he, or does he not, accept donations from big money interests?I'm looking at both causes and responses.  The situation there is a multifactor phenomenon.  Bad things are happening to the people there, and the people have many choices in how to respond.  Many of them are choosing to gather under the flag of Islam as a way of responding.  When they do this, they *do* pay attention to the Islamic doctrines.  At this point the Islamic doctrines actually begin to matter.

Also, "Japanese" is not a doctrine.  Islam is.  A "Japanese" is not a teaching.  Islam is.> You've yet to provide an example of why he's so corporate...

He doesn't do anything that upsets the status quo.

As far as I know, he doesn't reject donations from big money interests, similar to just about all Democrats.  The only person I know who refused donations from big money interests was Bernie.  Bernie acts like that because he's a progressive leader who actually stands for something, agitates for something, cares about something, and thus leads.  He doesn't wait for bills to come down the pike so that he can vote in passive aggressive ways to create a "record of progressive voting."  There is a difference between a real progressive and a record of progressive voting.

Voting "no" on the rabidly right wing legislation will make you look progressive to the uninitiated, but anyone wise will understand that, at best, it only makes you a tiny bit to the left of that legislation.  At the worst, you're voting "no" because it's not right wing enough.  So the voting record is a shitty indicator of one's progressivism.  Voting is reactive, not proactive.  Of course voting is still important, but no amount of voting makes one a progressive, no matter how you vote.> And I answered it. FUCKING NO.

You haven't.  You gave me an elaborate response which had to be interpreted to get a "no" from it.

I gave you exactly the same kind of answer as you gave me.  Firstly, I was answering your second question.  Do you remember what your second question was?  Or do I need to remind you?

Once you interpret the answer I have given you, you'll be able to understand what my one word answer would have been, had I played your dumb little game on your terms.

>The word you cannot bring yorself to say is "NO." 

This is so wrong.  You're putting words in my mouth now?  And you don't want to be called evil?

Everything you're doing is evil.  You're manipulating the conversation.  Instead of agreeing that your frame was possibly inappropriate, you insist that your framing is beyond reproach and demand a yes/no answer, even though you asked two questions and I was at liberty to answer the second question first.  Your second question was no longer a yes/no question.

Everything you're doing is so fucking wrong.  Your entire being is twisted.

This conversation is over.

>And yet cannot admit that it is true. 

And you cannot admit that you're a wife beater.  What else is new?

You shouldn't beat your wife, evil one.>Less than three.   To be exact - I beat my girlfriend precisely zero times per day.

That's not what I was asking.  I didn't want you to elaborate.

>>YES OR FUCKING NO?
> Was it a yes or a no? 

You asked me two questions.  The first question was framed as a yes/no question.  I said your question was irrelevant.  Then you asked me a second question:

>How on earth is my question NOT relevant?

This is no longer a yes/no question, and I have answered this question.  Along the way I've also answered your first question, while I was at it.

Now I want you to answer my question:

Do you beat your wife more than three times a day?  If you don't give me a yes/no answer, I will claim you're against the Socratic method, like you have.> You refused, and continue to refuse...why? 

I obliged, and at length.

And then you have refused to read what I wrote, and projected your own refusal onto me.You're not using the Socratic method.  Your question contains a false dilemma fallacy and a bundle of bad assumptions.

You're engaged in an attempt to manipulate me through rhetoric, but unfortunately for you this granddaddy right here is a black belt in rhetoric.

And you want to know something else?  My answer to your question actually contains what you want.  You want an affirmation or negation, and one of those is definitely in there.  I just didn't want to pretend to be taking all your bad, harmful, illogical assumptions seriously.

Now.  Get lost, evil one.  Or if you're not evil, then read my answer and pay attention to what I say.  Engage what I write.  Or get lost.

I *have* engaged, 100%, what you wrote.  You asked a deceptively complex question in a way that superficially looks simple.  I side-stepped your deception and gave you a real answer that your question deserves and demands instead of the trash you insist on.Read my answer!!!  You're not going to get away with your brainwashing!  You're trying to impose a yes or no answer on an issue that doesn't have such an answer.

You're an evil person.  E v i l.>How on earth is my question NOT relevant?

I'm gong to assume you're asking in good faith, wanting to learn, wanting to move closer to the truth.

Otherwise I'm just feeding a troll.  I want to believe I am not wasting my time.

Let's go back to your question:

>Is it currently possible for a candidate that promises Universal Healthcare to Americans to be elected as President?

First, let me point out one important implicit assumption in your question.  Your question assumes that possibilities are fixed.  In other words, your questions assumes that it can be answered with a yes or no answer.  And related to this assumption is a subtly different one:

Your question also assumes that possibilities are not something we manufacture.  It assumes that the possibilities are handed down to us by whatever it is, be it God, the universe, some abstract forces of inertia, or whatever.  There can be so many ways to think about it, but they all reduce to placing the reader into a victim mindset.

So to get a better perspective on a progressive mindset, let's look back at the incipient abolition movement for example.  Right at the start, it sure as hell looks impossible to abolish slavery.  Indeed slavery is a thousands of years old tradition, even spoken of in the Bible and other ancient texts.  So is it then not a total pipe dream to try to overturn it?  Of course it is.  But then how can something so seemingly impossible *BECOMES* possible?  What makes it *BECOME* possible?

Maybe there are people who think outside the box.  Maybe these people don't accept the status quo.  Maybe they don't care if something lasted for thousands of years, but instead they care if something is moral or not, or they care about a better way of life for everyone (which is morality again, but less explicitly phrased).  These people are called "progressives."  It's a certain mindset.  Progressives are people who made impossible happen.  They're leaders.  They are ahead of the curve.  If these folks were very scared by the magnitude of the social problem and by the lengthy and very entrenched history of that problem, if this is what it took to scare them, then how could they be "progressive?"  In what way would they be progressives then?

Now I'm getting to the nub of the issue here.  The real truth is that everything is possible, but only *appears* impossible within some perspectives.  The sort of people who are very impressed by the intimations of appearances do not become progressives or leaders.  The leaders know this truth: everything is *literally* possible.  It's literally possible to elect a president who supports health care.

Finally there is another problem with your question.  And it has to do with how you use the word "promises."  An honest leader can promise to give the fight for a universal health care their all, and absolutely mean it.  This is different from promising a result.  You're promising something you can control: your own passion, your own energy, your own commitment, your own convictions, your own resolve.  You promise to remain unflinching in your resolve for universal healthcare.  This is a promise you *can* keep, no matter what.  You can promise to people that you'll always be agitating everyone for universal healthcare, and that you'll be very vocal and politically forceful in fighting for it.  That's a promise you can keep.  And yes, a progressive leader worth one's salt will absolutely make such a promise, and I, absolutely demand that level of commitment from my progressive leaders who dare to suggest they want to lead people like me to a better future.> Is it currently possible for a candidate that promises Universal Healthcare to Americans to be elected as President?

That's not a relevant question.> Since you claim to be a progressive person, we can assume you are in favour of Universal Healthcare for all Americans - correct?

Yes, but I don't think universal healthcare is priority #1.  It's important, but not where the focus needs to be.  We have bigger problems than access to healthcare.  Healthcare is important when we get sick.  We have a shitty way of life that affects people with its shittiness even when they're healthy.  That's something everyone should be paying attention to.

So I will support all efforts toward universal healthcare, but I want more from my progressive leaders.  Much more.So he takes donations from big money interests, but also does mildly useful clean up work.  He doesn't lead on any truly progressive causes that would change how our society works in more fundamental ways.  He's trying to apply a series of small patches here and there.  He's a corporation-friendly liberal, but no progressive.

Also, as a DNC chair, he has a chance to be ahead of the curve on critical issues, and the most important issue by a veeeeeery long margin right now is our unsustainable and immoral level of wealth inequality.  No one who dares to label themselves a progressive can ignore this issue.  He's got a national platform.  He should be agitating for change.  Shouting down GOP is only OK if that's not the only thing you're engaging the nation about.

He should agitate for getting money out of politics.  Stop donations from big money interests and lead by example.  Agitate for changing the economic structure of society to address wealth inequality dynamics in lasting ways that will persist long after he's gone from office.

Then in *this* context, if he also takes on the prison-industrial complex, it will really mean something and won't be hypocritical.

What you describe is what a useful and socially responsible functionary does.  It's not what a leader does.  It's the difference between incremental upkeep and seeking fundamental changes to redress fundamental wrongs.  And of course, taking a stance on big money in politics is very important for any progressive.What do you think?  For handing out meals to the homeless. /s

Or maybe for breaking the laws.  Possibly.So enlighten me, which progressive issues does he actually lead on?

"Progressive record" is garbage and you must know this.  That's because how you vote on conservative-biased legislation doesn't make you progressive.  What makes you progressive is what sort of reforms you're pushing for, *EVEN IF* those reforms never see the light of day, or especially so.

Actually if you don't have many failed *leadership* efforts at progressive legislation, it means you're at best a status quo centrist, not a progressive at all.  Progressives must be ahead of the curve and leading.  That's what the word means.  If you're not failing occasionally all the while agitating for change, you're not a progressive.

Instead of just voting, which is at best passive aggressive if you vote "no" on all the bad legislation, one has to agitate for change to really count as a progressive.  What progressive change has this corporate douche been agitating for?

And does he refuse money from big money donors?  Or does he readily take money from the big money interests?DNC chair is a corporate Democrat who is saying this mildly populist thing in response to political pressure.  Corporate Democrats do not and will not represent ordinary Americans.  Don't fall for this posturing.  Corporate Democrats combine the language of progressivism with the heart of conservative capitalism.> If the wage gap were real, and I'm not saying it's not, wouldn't it be beneficial to hire women over men? 

That's only true when wages are mismatched against perceived value of gender.


If the employer values males more, then a wage gap is not irrational from the POV of that employer.

What you're saying is only true if the employers really value both genders equally, but somehow there is still a wage gap anyway.  This then creates a gender bubble and it would probably be corrected.  If this doesn't get corrected instantly, it means it's not actually a gender bubble, but rather the situation is a result of perceived values placed on genders.I want to see more of the aristocrat-wannabe ex-billionaires in prisons.  I'm certain if Trump didn't have his wealth and now the office of the president to protect him, he'd already be in prison.

Cops who abuse their authority and ex-billionaires who abuse society with their aristocratic pretensions are the folks who need to see the inside of the prison cell the most at this time.  Bad people.  Really bad people.Just giving one glance to the title I expected a propaganda article that deliberately overlooked important details to paint a distorted picture that pushes the reader to the conclusion "the status quo is just fine" and I wasn't disappointed.  This article was everything I thought it would be.

I'm pleasantly surprised that a great many redditors have instantly realized what the problems in article's narrative were.  My faith in humanity has risen ever so slightly as a result.Thank you.Yea, I'm excited too.  I have no idea what's happening with the rune knights.  I'm testing all the new archery changes by playing snipers, which before this release I've been avoiding.I don't know if you've already noticed it, but Chris has ported more features from elliptic's variant.  Notably there is supposed to be a new monster list now.  They say it's more dangerous now in 6.0.2 than in 6.0.0.Plutocracy for the win.>Is it far-fetched to say that the United States is currently undergoing a second Gilded Age?

Not at all.  I think a lot of people understand this, but I'm willing to bet that even during the first Gilded Age some people didn't react kindly to it being called a "Gilded Age" back then either.

The truth can sometimes be too ugly to accept.  We don't want to accept the level of poverty we have in the USA, and the stunning wealth accumulations at the top.  We don't want to accept that the two are very much related.  So much is being done right now to shape the narrative.  The super-rich have realized they cannot hide our levels of wealth and income inequality from the public, so their latest trick is to focus all attention on income inequality and away from wealth inequality.  Why?  Because income inequality is something that mostly happens at the level of wages.  It's how you can get all the workers fighting each other for a marginally higher wage, while ignoring the plutocrats at the top who live in a universe of wealth that's as distinct from that of wage earners as the sky is from earth.  They don't want anyone talking about our present level of the wealth inequality, which relates to kingly wealth accumulations and which is a sign of a pseudo-aristocracy.

As best I know the wealth inequality is still growing, and outside of some political action there is no hope of it reversing.  The so-called "free market" cannot fix itself.  It never could.  All the positive experiences people had under capitalism in the past resulted from the people pushing back, vigorously, against the ravages of capitalism.  Nothing good was ever given up by the free markets without a fight.

The free market is only good at milking people to the bone.  Free markets view human beings as resources, products, and consumers.  As cows waiting obediently to be milked in the after hours and producing in the day time the very crap they consume in the after hours.  While these cows never actually grow rich from this process themselves, they allow their owners, aka employers, to grow rich if the owners are particularly shrewd.  It's a slave system.  That whole lifestyle is designed for the pleasure and the leisure of the super-rich.  There is nothing in it for the common man, but endless humiliation, insecurity, and struggle.

The worker is treated as a perpetual baby who cannot even so much as set their own hours.  The worker is also treated as a soldier that the drill sergeant of a boss is going to break down first and then rebuild in the corporate image.  Employees are infantilized soldiers who are never allowed any real freedom.  All the choices the employees have are shaped and manicured by the capitalists, at every level of society.  If it's not your immediate owner, then it's a cabal of remote owners who influence government policy with their kingly purses.  And they do it in the open too.  There is no need for the super-rich to hide or to feel shame.  They're the celebrated business success stories.  Why of course.  They're even worshiped by the people they oppress.

Check out this recent poll:

http://www.gallup.com/poll/207521/worry-hunger-homelessness-lower-income.aspx

Read and weep.  Or laugh to keep yourself from crying.Well, in fairness I've had some extensive conversations with some of them, so I doubt all of them are "bots."  There must be a few genuine specimen out there.  I've also had some contact with the conservatives in the so-called "meat space."  So while I accept I might be misjudging things, I don't believe I am completely off base either.This is the essence of conservative morality: push for a policy that creates devastation, and then do a one-off private donation aimed at ameliorating the bad effect of that same policy.

The most typical example is when conservatives support economic policies that amplify or even create widespread misery, and then they'll donate some food to charity that's helping the needy people created by the economic policies they support. (like the trickle down economics, for one example, aka the "supply side" economics)

Whatever conservatives give you with their left hand, they take away with their right hand 100 times more.  They take away your boots along with the bootstraps and then they give you the bootstraps as charity.I keep telling my conservative reddit "friends" that their base is a lot more liberal than they ever want to admit.  They just laugh.  Yea, please continue laughing.  Laughter is good for your health.I purposely didn't want to get too specific.  I'm just saying, if, for example, you were to listen to the various talks of Thanisarro's on youtube or similar, you'll eventually find him talking about some things more openly than one might expect.  That's all I am going to say for now.

I think Thanisarro is more frank than I expected him to be, which is a quality I value.  That's what I really wanted to say.I respect your right to come to a different opinion than my own, but let me mention two things here that all these historians in your story have in common: they all ignore the religious doctrines and the personal dealings of the founders.  Plus, these historians also operate in a context of relativity set up by the so-called "Christian lands."  Which means their standard of "good behavior" is very very low indeed.  So they ignore what Islam intends to teach.  They ignore the brutal and bad things Mohammed is said to have done in the recorded sayings of Mohammed.  They ignore all that as possibly non-historical.  This could be understood as being within their method.  It's how their method of inquiry operates.  The problem is, the results they get are flawed, because the people on the ground don't ignore the same things the historians ignore.  So the conclusions miss the mark.  They try to take a "view from nowhere" but such a view does not exist.> I've rebutted you twice

There is a difference between a rebuttal and expressing displeasure.