8/10Yet we wouldn't all be reading and talking about this, without that photographer's work. Its incredibly important that these images be captured. Its a start, the 457 visas were getting rorted. Need to reduce immigration intake significantly, let infrastructure and services catch up. What? With facts?

$330,000 car space in Sydney:

http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/realestate/parking-space-in-sydney-cbd-up-for-sale-for-same-price-as-a-twobedroom-villa-near-penrith/news-story/c31acd2bca4ed73cbfb6d0174c979964

$264,000 car space in Sydney:

http://www.news.com.au/finance/real-estate/sydney-nsw/potts-point-car-spot-sells-for-264000/news-story/3c3e1bcc7bacf5dbea532cb5207edca0

What Sydney's median house price gets you around the world, including a 3 bed apartment on Park Avenue, Manhattan:

https://www.domain.com.au/news/what-sydneys-median-house-price-will-get-you-in-the-us-20170131-gu28hx/

Wake up. Agree, so long as we can hold on to our jobs, and the banks are willing to give us loans. The crash will likely have pretty big knock-on effects. Totally agree, foreign investment is out of control. 

You might want to increase your rent, doesn't mean you could. You'd certainly need to wait until your tenant's lease was up, and then you'd risk losing them. Rentals are pretty cheap and easy to find at the moment, and plenty more stock coming onto the market. 

If NG hadn't been around when you bought, you'd likely have done the sums and paid less than what you did, would need to charge less for rent. Or when the price drops, and suddenly the 'exercise' seems like a chore :)Always a silver lining, eh?Not saying its the only factor. Plenty of aspects that have created a 'perfect storm' of sorts.

Don't forget that Neg. Gearing was expressly introduced to encourage property investment, and its worked. It should have been temporary, abandoned when speculation began to get out of hand. 

Neg gearing certainly makes it 'stack up' for lots of people. Very much like the mentality that causes gamblers to boast about their wins, ignore their losses. They focus on the reduced tax bill/ big refund they get, ignore the losses they are copping. Certainly worthwhile as long as the property appreciates well and at a rate to make up for the losses.I suspect the latter. I certainly know plenty of people that justify/ make their investments 'stack up' by relying on Neg Gearing and ever increasing prices. Yeah, you can get better and bigger in Manhattan, an actual world city. 

I love Sydney, but we're seriously deluded if we think this is a fair price for a 50sqm converted roof space. What's next, a $300k car parking space? Oh wait...Yeh, lets just ignore those guys that make a living out of analysing all the markets, history and have hundreds if not thousands of people monitoring markets around the world every minute of the day. 

Lets listen to ScoMo instead. Besides, prices never come down, no other comparable country has ever had a property crash ever. Yep. A converted roof space. 'Affordability' is an odd term, isn't it? I think you need to differentiate between property for housing people as their primary place of residence, vs speculating whilst relying on tax breaks and ever rising prices. 

To answer your question specifically, I find it disturbing that 'the poorest in the country' can 'afford' investment properties, whilst not being able to buy a place to live. Clearly the market distorting Neg. Gearing and CGT discounts have a lot to do with this. 

Given the amount of mortgage stress and arrears existing now, despite very cheap money and record low rates, i think its safe to say 'affordability' is somewhat deceiving, and will quickly evaporate when rates rise to more normal levels, and prices start to decline.  Average cost for a carspace in Sydney is around $60k, but you can pay a lot more than that in a premium location. No less relevant. Yep, but would you pay a million bucks for a converted roof space with a single small window to that view?Totally agree, but clearly a bonkers price, well beyond its true value.Dude, your username is so disturbing!Sarcasm and Irony. Look them up. gees, I wasn't gone that long, was I?Maybe I should, consistently best predictor, if I start throwing darts, pretty guaranteed to do better than the economists...

http://www.smh.com.au/money/investing/tipsters-struggle-early-into-the-oneyear-shares-race-20170223-gukbqc.html

http://www.smh.com.au/business/markets/economists-deeply-divided-over-australias-economic-path-in-2017-20170207-gu72ev.html

http://www.smh.com.au/comment/economists-have-absolutely-no-idea-what-is-going-to-happen-to-the-global-economy-20160129-gmgs3o.html

http://www.smh.com.au/money/investing/sixweek-shares-race-ends-with-all-but-dartboard-underwater-20161117-gss48h.html

http://www.smh.com.au/money/dartboard-hits-the-target-as-the-pros-flounder-at-the-finish-20151105-gks25d.htmlTotally normal, there's no bubble, move along kids, nothing to see here.

Just work hard, get a big fat loan and you can "own" property too! /syou should label your comment as sarcastic, too many will take it as serious :)Not like I'm writing the articles.They can't predict anything with certainty, can explain everything after the fact. May as well throw a dart, let chance predict outcomes - remember the SMH that asked economists/ investors/ a dartboard and a school kid to pick stocks? The dartboard and school kid often did the best....so long as you keep your job and the bank is willing to lend you money :/Maybe he's a reiki master!That would make a lot of sense. http://www.smh.com.au/business/consumer-affairs/devils-are-in-the-detail-in-super-life-insurance-20160805-gqlnlk.htmlhttp://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-03-17/casual-workers-life-insurance-claims/8361198

Plenty more out there if you care to look. Maybe try posting a variety of photos, rather than a bunch of ever so slightly different ones from the same time. Junk = doesn't work like advertised = virtually all superannuation insurance schemes. 

Think you're covered? Try making a claim. Yeah, I read them. The third one demonstrates the practice of junk insurance isn't isolated to superannuation purchased insurance. 

The other two clearly explain what is meant by junk insurance, and the fact that superannuation funds recently revised their deals with insurers. If you had read them, you wouldn't feel the need to speculate. Same reason he was squawking about Obama's birth certificate for years. Feels a little odd to have an ex-politician being the voice of reason, government all but ignoring us. Yes, but they recently became junk. Make sure you do your research first. 

http://www.smh.com.au/comment/many-of-us-dont-even-know-we-have-life-insurance-often-its-worthless-20170224-gul0ow.html

https://www.choice.com.au/money/insurance/health/articles/junk-health-insurance

http://www.smh.com.au/business/consumer-affairs/asic-reprimands-insurance-industry-for-selling-junk-products-20170217-gufdow.htmlActual Mexican food can be mind-blowing. Tex-Mex and stuff that passes as "mexican" outside of mexico is usually junk/ street food that varies from ok to awful. Maybe look at history. Many industries need a helping hand at the start. After that, I totally agree that industries need to stand on their own feet. Otherwise they end up reliant on government hand outs.  More like reality disagreesThat has always been more important. Nudes, or BJs.Mostly water. Sadly so. 

This won't end well. If only it were monthly, I'd be very rich :)ING Direct. 8.5/10 very cuteWhat annoys the most, and betrays their true intentions, is that they aren't floating seriously any ideas that would actually decrease prices. 

They start by saying 'everything is on the table' but almost immediately rule out changes to CGT & NG, supress economic modelling of it. 

They never state they want to decrease prices. They only ever state things like 'make it more affordable' or 'get more young people into the market/ their own homes'. 

If that isn't achieved by reducing prices, the only other way to do it is by increasing or facilitating greater levels of debt. Given our world record private debt, it is grossly irresponsible. If you have nothing to hide...Lol. Must live in the USA. Facebook: "only we can spread misinformation & invade your privacy"Yeh, must be rough. 8/10.  Very cute & sweet looking 8/10???

Edit: got it, never mind. Damn right you chinky-dinks drive bad, especially in expensive, or oversized cars you clearly can't handle. 
But you're all awesome at maths, science, and make pretty tasty food, so kinda evens out. LolDat muffin top  CraptacularAbout 10 yrs too late, but hey, still 20yrs ahead of most of the world!Don't worry, every other idea they put forward will result in that anyway. Keyboard Revolution Now!WTF is wrong with people. That kinda looks like the buns made you a bit too excited. Happy Easter!Why did it even get mentioned. Either they're stupid and incompetent, or this is a distraction to make us think 'at least they didn't do the super thing' when they come out and announce their BS 'ideas' to make housing 'affordable'. How about national 'demand a proper NBN day' instead!?They can be made retrospective. Wouldn't be the first time, not exactly unprecedented. You do know that some people have a sense of humour? You do know that its healthy to question authority?

You do know that 'tolerance' you speak of was ditched, and is now zero, basically for no other reason than revenue raising, despite there being up to 10km/h variation across speedos on the market. 

Like their stupid tweet implies, everyone speeds, even just a little, because we're not robots, and they take advantage of that. ...for nowThat's nice. Will it actually be backed by physical gold and audited independently?Up. Even if RBA stays put, the rates we all pay will move with the international markets, which the banks are heavily exposed to. Great. They don't beed our money. 

Get them to pay a massive bond up front, which they forfeit as soon as they have a spill. Apparently it won't happen, so they have nothing to worry about. Nothing to hide? Nothing to say. You look great. 7.5/10


...but now I'm curious about these gorgeous 22yr olds that you mentioned. With that in mind, get back to work and catch REAL criminals, not 'everyone' that goes over the limit a little bit every now and then. FartingYeah, those bastards have it good no matter what, so long as properties are selling, they take a cut. Tell them to fuck off. They shouldn't need our money. There's already an oversupply in the market. There are tens of thousands of homes sitting empty, more in the pipeline, and there is no-one that needs a roof over their head going without a home. The only demand outstripping supply is purely speculative and artificial. It would act in a similar way to the FHOG, basically inject more money into the market, drive prices up again. There is no chance this policy could possibly reduce prices, and that is kind of the point for politicians. They're petrified to do anything that might reduce prices, but want to be seen to be doing something to address the housing 'affordability' issue.

Note how they use that word, they never talk of reducing prices, only of making it 'more affordable' = translation: shove more people into the market, encourage even more debt. He's right. He should also reaffirm that all the benefits which the boomers got - and subsequent generations were denied - are also 'dreams'. 

Cheap housing, jobs for life, fee university, free healthcare, etc. etc. etc. 

Only difference is Derryn's generation was handed all their dreams on a silver platter, whereas the rest of us got the crumbs of left-overs at best. What a moronic idea. There can't be any sensible person alive that believes this would be good for anyone. It lets them 'kick the can down the road' a little more, so the bubble pops on someone else's watch. They don't care about robbing entire generations of their savings in exchange for a greater debt burden. The stupidity of this clock aside (due to all the recent QE measures that have distorted everything) i'd suggest we're more likely to be somewhere between 12 and 1.Meanwhile, Trump is distracted with Syria, and is so inept he couldn't successfully negotiate a single item with China's President. Gee, this isn't misleading...No shit. Previous experiences suggest nothing different will happen. The trickle down effect has been disproven over and over, yet conservative governments insist on putting ideology ahead of reality. Such a great movie. Seconded. If you had a spare house to sell, this would be a great time to offload it and cash in. Let some poor sucker be the greater fool. Awesome. So jealous right now, enjoy it!The fact your daughter felt she could talk to you about it, and that you are open minded enough to consider it properly indicates you're already more than 50% of the way there. 

Good luck, keep up the good work, and remember that no-one is perfect. Well, not with that attitude!...but only time creates super novas. Checkmated!Or just use self-cleaning glass. Looks good on the balance sheet!
This is what you get when bean counters are in charge :/

Growth! Budget! I love you too /u/darkaceAUS It must be nice, living in your bubble. Sorry to say it's going to pop soon. This sums it up nicely, although given your track record, you will likely not read it:

https://www.macrobusiness.com.au/2017/04/the-great-housing-bubble-arse-covering-begins/If the shoe fits...Would suddenly make property a lot less attractive as a soeculative investment, that's for sure. 