turn down diorite, granite, and andesite spawn size to 27 and turn up diamond and iron to 12. according to ed snowden, when he was still employed there were at least 150k contractors with the security clearance to access any phone they wanted. you get out of the tank with like a 1/4" crust of saltdid you reply to the wrong post? that means you can now watch it with a clear conscience!might not be big enough for what you're looking for, but this has a decent plains and a really nice island inside a big bay. 

-4173688626577728964

wouldn't the ice melting run down and put out the coals?there was a third season? "thank god he beat hillary"have you ever considered becoming a furry? joe rogan is no charlie leduff. that's not his job. 

when a guest is full of shit, he points out the discrepancy,  gives them more rope to hang themselves, and then moves on. 
this thread sure has been (((downvoted)))you don't think it could have come from new information which proved his original call incorrect?  as someone who has been buildingothersapc for 15 years now, expanding your available parts from "the best sales in the next 6 hours" to "the best sales in the next 4 weeks" can pay off yuuge. dude. do a little more than a couple hours research into building a new rig. "the borrower is slave to the lender"

nobody can argue with that. i did two blind side alley backs in 8 years as an OTR tanker yanker. now i can do 4 or 5 a night. orly? stock jumped 2% and then he cashed in the huge rewards? what argument? i didn't say anything about contraceptives. 

i said there are those who believe the maximum carrying capacity of the earth is 100 million people. furthermore, they are happy for abortions for the sake of having less human beings on the planet. oh also, because of resource consumption, one white first world abortion is worth 12 third world abortions. yes they are liberal, they are abominable, and they hide themselves well. 
 
ps - they tend to have great taste in music, alcohol, and food, and make great company otherwise.  so specific and yet so vague. non sequitur > But she was criticized for saying it and she backed off that position.

i loved her last appearance on wtf with marc maron. 

> yeah but whatabout? 

>> i dunno, i was so young and female... 

> yeah but whatabout? 

>> PATRIARCHY!! OPPRESSION! SISTERHOOD THROUGH MILLENIA!!!!

> it was great talking to ya

>> <giggle>> I'll never have to deal with a pregnancy, wanted or unwanted.

MGTOW yeeeeeeeehaw! 

have fun jacking off. > Nobody wants abortions just for the sake of having them

oh you are wrong there. there are plenty of people who believe the earth is at 70x it's carrying capacity of human beings. >  not necessarily too in your face

i calculate it to be exactly 1.5 per face. i'd pay to see a remake of the fly starring darwin and a bonobo. friendly reminder: women's march sweetheart linda sarsour wishes she could take away ayaan hirsi ali's vagina: 

https://web.archive.org/web/20170126231900/https:/twitter.com/lsarsour/status/45297251513401344BOOM thread over. the two baseballs flanked by first and last quarter moons are great though. and healthliving beyond your means does not turn income into wealth. it is a substantial amount anywhere if you know how to spend it. income is not wealth. income is not wealth. op was talking about wealth. you're talking about income. that's because your 6 lane highways were repurposed to oxcart paths 700 years ago. not in the richest suburbsmember when uncle xiaen farted and all seven of us who were sleeping in the same room smelled it? boston? good thing he didn't pull the pop out of his shoe!facts are sparse. reaction is conflicted. 

what a bunch of dummies. tan with a planif msnbc says so it must be true. you have successfully made yourself feel smarter than the people this article called smart. almost makes me wish i was sarcastic. these people did not get the message of the pepsi commercial. it's like he doesn't even understand what the "thanks obama" meme is all about.> Matt Tiabbi did a great summary of the current situation in April 2016.

i was  thinking of tiabbi earlier when chris matthews and rachel maddow referred to ivanka and jared as "uday and qusay." I JUST KNOW THEY READ MATT'S ARTICLE ABOUT SADDAM'S BOYS! the comparison is so spot-on. were people really worried that cdpr was going to pull some *scrolls*-level bullshit? > all men

hell to the yayeah!if you like morgan you should track down the series jericho. 

lol nvm, top comment says, 'go watch jericho.'> the sarin used in the Khan al-Asal attack bore "the same unique hallmarks" as the sarin used in the Ghouta attack and indicated that the perpetrators likely had access to chemicals from the Syrian Army's stockpile. 

remember when america left iraq and isis took over a bunch of abandoned american equipment? lol that sure prolonged things. > Out of all the religions that have ever existed why would you be correct compared to the people that chose Islam?

because this book right here said so. >  First of all how exactly can your gayness be killed? It's a fucking attribute of your neurology towards a desired sexual orientation. Why pray to the same god that created you with this "sin" and then ask for forgiveness for what you were predisposed to be? That makes no freaking sense.

have you ever seen those videos of dudes chopping their own balls off? 

rumor is that they are self-loathing pedophiles who have not yet committed child molestation. > or she was always bi  (and therfore still tormented by unfulfilled longings)

that's not the definition of bi. found marina abromovic. a sanitary pad might have an egg on it. may i quote you on this? it applies to so many situations such as abortion, habeas corpus, oil changes, and bubblegum flavors. pretty sure there's some ethics violations there and you would have some trouble securing future federal grants. it looks like twenty years of mainstream media programming have finally taken hold over you. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epigeneticsfound the crannogman.i heard it on a podcast. i googled it and found dozens of articles from all parts of the political spectrum. buuuullshit. buuuuullshit. buuuuullshit. he doesn't need your money, he gets government subsidies. every tesla vehicle comes prepackaged with $50,000 in government subsidies, how much would they require per tesla citizen? >  It chooses by basically walking up to the family who has the family member with the least-hygenically-wiped butt and shoving its snout into the crotch of the worst offender. 

15 heartbroken families? imagine the ratings!> I'm an atheist and I can agree that you could make an argument for Christianity: Jesus was a hippie that got crucified but Muhammed was a conquering warlord so Islam is a bit harder to defend in that regard.

i'm an atheist and that sentence didn't make any sense. technically we send them billions in coupons which are redeemed for weapons. no-knock warrantless raids on meth labs, of course. the same way they are used in the united states. they should have been donated to local law enforcement ten years ago. this guy has seen too many rap videos to believe that white people drive luxury automobiles. it worked for reagan. 4x has been my favorite genre for 20+ years. what language is this thread in? they should hit the air brakes and after the hijackers smash their heads on the windshield they can be restrained. > ever since Trump was elected, they've all but tried not to piss themselves with ecstasy

oh you're one of *these* guys.... good point. 

hey op, spend $500 on the pc and $2000 on the speakers. O.O

what kind of audio are you running? you should be spending at least $500 on a surround speaker get up with that kind of budget.   don't worry about your neighbors. the crazy thing about good speakers is that they sound even better at low volumes. how in the world does that relate to minecraft? love the look on michelle's face after he says, "ivanka"> should we stay in rez range or leave the dungeon and reset? the music is really swell. > she's LITERALLY trapped in a crystal. 

sounds like he's attracted to her personality. if that's the case then your parts list probably doesn't make any sense. > I don't understand why anybody would pair the newest CPU with an older chipset

native ads, astroturfing, shilling, or whatever else you want to call it. 

salespeople know forums sell parts.  me myself personally, i wouldn't migrate old parts to a new $400 cpu/mobo upgrade. i'd keep saving money for a case and ssd and go from there. yes. just take all the old parts out of the case, then install the z270 and connect all the old parts, then reinstall the os, then install new drivers, then install all your old programs and data files, and voila! no issues!> I'm looking strictly for something that will get rid of back pain and do wonders for my posture.

when i started training as an otr truck driver, one of the instructors mentioned that some people take driver's seats and turn them into office chairs. there are no tall-person or small-person semi trucks; they are all designed to be driven 11 hours a day by a range in height from 4'8" to 6'7". 

that was 10 years ago and i have no idea how to go about turning a driver's seat into an office chair. luckily i found the staples' hyken mesh chair LOL. they're all atheist sites if you say "i'm an atheist" in your ad. it only displays the tags you search for. the only way to future-proof a build is to start with the right motherboard. 

everything else can be swapped out one by one. if you upgrade the mobo you're essentially building a new pc from scratch. moar like chateau de rundown, amirite? 60 minutes brought in a 'special correspondent' to do the interview who, by random happenstance, once worked for the NSA. as such, he was bound by law to not discuss anything relating to the leaks. >>  “Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners, and if we kick them all out, you’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts, which are not the arts,” Streep said.

kick the outsiders and foreigners out of MMA and there will be nobody left to fight. had to google the name: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRe3lRzYK5waka neuschwanstein mother-in-law suitenov 2005 24" 1920x1200 40ms 25Hz $999 masterrace checking in. 

spending a grand on a monitor is such an unlikely proposition these days. hey dipshit, facebook owns whatsapp. that means the encryption is broken. oh for fuck's sake are you afraid to type *pussy*?now imagine it was chelsea. 