not that I remember. it was a fleet van, a Ford E350 from whatever generation 2000-2003 model years wereold people get news from TV

young people get news from the internet

they're sending two different messages to two different audienceslow milagelost everything in the divorce, now homeless in washington we have no routine safety inspections, and emitions only in certain urban/suburban zip codes.>  Brakes!

not every craigslist car has these> smoked entire pack

I still don't understand how people smoke entire packs a day every day. iffy lube> Mexican brick pack from Mexico. 

the best kind of mexican brick pack what are the consequences of buying a car off of craigslist that may or may not have been stolen? let's say you're a dick and don't care about ethicsTIL what was wrong with that old van. what does it mean when it shimmies at 45 MPH but not once you get up to 60?> test paint depth!

ELI5 how that test worksthe black market can be more profitable. in Norway, a gram goes for $20mugi whycool. what context was it in (university research, etc) and that were you doing with them?> software to neutralize Rensenware 

eeh, easy modo?being LGBT, less religion = less persecution = safer and less distress> They believed her scripts are AI-written, her voice is computer generated, she is animated by AI etc.

someday, someday....> I see plenty of attack ads on Ossoff.... but not a single one by him on another person.

if the only name out there is his, does that mean he wins in name recognition alone? still, it wouldn't hurt to at least use a condom.make sure to say it flippantly, though.they didn't say b*sh t*e f*sh so they didn't violate the rules. /s> Buck vs. Bell

I don't remember that one

>in which the Court ruled that a state statute permitting compulsory sterilization of the unfit, including the intellectually disabled, "for the protection and health of the state" did not violate the Due Process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. 

fuck you too, 1927 supreme court

>The Supreme Court has never expressly overturned Buck v. Bell.

why is this still a thing? we should fix that before Trump goes full Naziyou can't detonate nuclear power plants like bombs. the uranium 235 concentration is too low.if they're safe states, their voters actually gain power, since they won't get totally ignored. only Florida will lose and states got EC votes according to Congressional representation, which was governed my the 3/5 compromisewe should pass a law that lets California seceede. and then california should sucede> 
> Same with Bernie and I think Bernie would have lost VA too.

why VA?> 
> Poor white guys who can't find traditional masculine employment aren't the only people suffering.

yes, but they made the mistake of living in california. if they wanted their voices heard, they should have moved to ohio, the only state that matters 

/sI just had an idea.

>be pro-nuclear

>want to build nuke plants in america

>become president

>put in order for 100 plants, 50 in ohio and 50 in florada year during election year

>swing states get massive jobs boost and permanent employment in high-wage jobs

>win re-election no contest

I just figured out how to save the planet from climate changeI think that momentum to change the way we elect presidents is building. in my lifetime (1997-), there has been a 40% failure rate in presidential electionsyeah, I'm a CS major and I haven't taken the one required dedicated stats class yet, and not all majors have to take any stats
of course, there is all the  propaganda that manufactures the belief that the threats are real> make enough from Uber and Lyft to pay the bills 

lolalchohol makes a lot more sense. it isn't even tested for on drug tests!/r/PlantPorn > That's not big enough for more than 1 plant... 2 would be pushing it

my frame of refrence for how big a 12-12 form seed plant gets comes from [this picture](http://www.growweedeasy.com/sites/growweedeasy.com/files/newsletter-pics/5-27-12/flower-from-seed-sm.jpg) from growweedeasy, and that plant looks tiny. either that, or he practiced those lines specifically for the showyou could use a space heater set to low, or switch to HID during the winter, using the high heat output as a feature rather than a bug50 was an exaggeration. I have a [Big Bucket](https://www.reddit.com/r/SpaceBuckets/comments/65u92q/my_new_big_bucket/) so I think I'd try around 10 in there at any one time. from what I've seen 12-12 from seed plants stay tinyI thought of doing the same, with the light sitting on top. my cutting skills suck, though, so that hole was the best I could do. 

my best guess was to hang a blanket over the rack and tape up the point where the two buckets meet, re-applying every time I'm in there. but then heat could be an issue. as it is it's staying cool, but I currently have one bucket rotated at ~10^0 or somewhere near that for airflow.

 I have time to work it out, since it'll be a while until my autos finish, but I'll update if I make any major changes and post results, because my setup might provide an alternative to the tiny 5 Gallon spacebuckets that are the stranded here. I didn't just go that route because they felt too small. we're a community of experimentation, and maybe DJWalnut's XL bucket will be the next big thing for advanced growers with space limitationsyeah. the female plant will produce male organs, but the seeds it produces will be female > 90% of the time, versus pollination with a normal male, which will produce females 50% of the time. >We Cannot Ship to the USA

thank you for the suggestion, but I can't buy from themthat settles it. next time I'm getting magic internet money and literally all the seeds.

is it true that freebies are usually the metaphorical runts of the litter?  what's your germination rate with them versus the paid ones?offer to tend their grow in exchange for a little weed. parents like it when you help around the houseit's already legal to possess and grow, but retail shops won't be open until 2018I just bought some Blue Dream CBD seeds, it's supposed to have 10% THC/10% CBD. which is a popular combo among medical patients. I can't wait to try it

RemindMe! 7 monthsyou have a warped view of the world if you think that's anywhere near common. I assure you it's notI just build this a da or two ago. It consists of two of the largest buckets I could find at wal-mart. (they lost < $8 apeice, which was nice) I cut a hole in one to fit the light through and for a little ventilation. I took my 300W LED and hung it on a drying rack and lowered it through the hole. 

I'm currently using it to grow 2 autoflowering Cannabis plants, but I'll move it outside the bucket if space becomes an Issue, as it likely will. I wanted a bucket on the cheap, and I wanted one with lots of room for activities, so that's the motivating factor behind it being built as it was. accessing the plants requires lifting up the top bucket, and is kind of unwieldy.

does anyone have any tips on how I can light-proof it? I'm interested in growing photoperiod cannabis in there at a later date, and it's not currently light-proof enough to keep any plants in flowering. I know that I'm guilty of wanting to post about my plants every day.thank you.

2/2 that I've tried have germinated so far, so I can say that much about them. and as of today they're both alive and wellbad spelling :( that's a lot of free seeds. how many do you get for paying with bitcoin? it might just be worth the hassle of getting some

I paid with my debit card on two occasions. they bill it as some thing else entirely. once it was a general store in Ghana, the other time is was a sports store in California. sometimes the bank thinks international purchases are fishy and denies them, but you just have to call in and have them confirmed. then you try again after 5 minutes and it goes though.

as far as getting caught, buying seeds is one of the least risky illegal things you can do, as least in america. if you're in Singapore or something take special precautions and know the lawsThe ICE is essentially Trump's private army. they proved that by ignoring   the courts during the Muslim ban fiasco. they're unaccountable and dangerous. the next president should engage in major reforms immediately, root out out all the traitorous elements within. if it leaves them so understaffed the national guard has to be assigned to broader control for a while, so be it.if Trump is any proof, credibility is optionalit would make more sense if it was a secrate taping done without Trump's permissiondon't be silly. all Russia has to do is release enough evidence to confirm everything in the Steele Dossier, and the Golden Shower tape, and he's done.I always wash my hands after eating pizza, no matter ow greesey it is or isn'tit's an old school playlist, right? but recorded onto a tape like an album?it's hard for me to believe that this was ever a thing, for this reason. even with modern technology (RTL-SDR recording directly to HDD) I still wouldn't do it unless I had software to automatically pick out the songs, cut them to the right length, and label them. and you'd still get the shitty radio edits and any RF noise nearbyalso born in 1997, we used CDs, and VHS was on it's way out. it was more in the situation that DVD is in today, as it's been replaced by Blu-Ray. although DVD seems to be sticking around for some reason. 

my theory is that BD players are backwards compatible and no more space continent. this causes the notion that they're approximately the same. no one ever looked at VHS and DVD and confused one for the other, but BD and DVD get confused all the time. also, many parents just buy their kids the DVD because they think they won't notice the diffrence.>A lot of men get on porn websites to watch kiddy porn 

wrong. law enforcement is strict on this point, and you have to really dig to find anything. most men are not watching kiddy porn 00's kid here. portable CD players were kinda a thing, I remember seeing one in the wild before, but the ipod was the bigger name. of course, most people use their phones to do that nowadays. I remember when the iphone launchedLESBIANS> Can't say the same about pickles tho.

you have been banned from /r/traaaaaaannnnnnnnnns I ate lazania last night. does that count?> encouragement of violence towards women and pedophilia

wait, what?oh god that. I remember now. holy shityeah, but if you spray a female plant down with cordial silver* to make it develop male pollen sacs. you can then fertilize another female plant with it and the resulting seeds will be feminized.


*safety note: you cannot consume any plant that came into contact with cordial silver. make sure to spray it in isolation from other plants. the seeds it produces are fine to grow through.

it's a bit of a pain to have to grow your own, but you can avoid the issue of growing a huge plant in veg only to discover that it's male, and you only need two clones from one female plant to bootstrap yourself to unlimited femenised seeds. hence why religion is negatively correlated with free societies ans every religion seems to want a theocracy. Is this a refrence to something? I vaguely recall something about this.it's not idea. I'd get one of the cheap < $100 LED grow lights and hand it above your plant. you want it rather close. Trust me, I'm learning that with my first grow right now. I've yet to get the light too close, but I have had it too far away. in nature, cannabis prefers direct sunlightyou could try making feminized seeds of your favorite strains. it's not hard.yes, because reddit is Fair And Balanced^TMI'm 20 and possibly intrested [TIL the Japanese maple tree is called Momiji in japanese](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acer_palmatum)that's like 4 ounces. a decent harvest from a couple of plants.> Fan Death

why is this still a thing?> it's blocked at work

check to see if Brietbart is too, just to make sure it's Fair And Balanced^TMI suppose, but Nirvara only charged an extra $3.00 on a $45.00 order, and the stealth was quite good. I just consider it the cost of growing under prohibitionI can't really set up a grow and do it during the allocated timeline. I'm just going to try and get my two girls over the finishing line and try for the next oneI just reconfigured my grow, and both plants are exploding now that they're at most 3 feet from the lightI'm bi and this is the largest source of insecurity over my sexual orientation.>because her 19 year old daughter wanted to date.

19!? she definitely has some major issues to object to a 19 year old wanting to date. that's full legal adulthood and then someIt's a phrase that originated 15 years ago, and I think it was more true then than now. it doesn't help that many hobby-dedicated spaces are still heavily gender-biased, which can give the impression that they're Representative of the entire internet.I'm pretty sure that I'm like this>The majority of guys either don't get hints unless they have some sort of direct approach to it or they are just very socially awkward and not even obvious hints will work.

I'm like this. I always just chalked it up to ASDr/socialism unpersoned the creator of the webcomic Political Ideology Catgirls and drama ensuedwithin the last 6 months, maybeI know. one banned me for what I assume was the Political ideology catgirls drama, slandered me over PM, and then showed up in a completely different sub and slandered me publicly.alright, now it's personal.

Fuck DeVos.it's a bit unusual to be sexually active that young. now that I think about it, I was interested in the opposite sex at 12 (but not the same sex until 15) but I can't say that I was ready for sex quite yet. it's nice to see that you're looking our for her needs though, she's definitely better off for it

I encourage you to make sure she's able to pick good partners. from what my experience was, 12 year olds, especially 12 year old boys, are just the worst human beings. if middle school kids are anything like they were 8 years ago, there are some real assholes she's best avoiding>PM_ME_NAKED_LOLI

I see you like not so clean loli.american news is such shitif you have the space, get some lightly used excersize equipment off of craigslist. it's cheaper than a gym membership> I think partly because I lived with young people in Japan, I see that a lot less than it exists in older generations.

ELI5 generational differences in japan> no gay people in Chechnya.

it's not a statement of fact, but a statement of intent. you can keep outdoor plants in veg with just a little light. a single  CFL next to it would keep in in veg. it might be too late now, but next time consider ityeah, if OP in even thinking about doing this, safe sex is extremely important