I can see why people would want to know but at the same time it's using up more of the animal and they're very cheap, so not really a bad thing in my view.It's gotten to the point where i really don't care about Wyatt anymore. Such a shame but he's gotten so useless because of how he is booked.GOTG really paved the way for these type of styles, didn't think it would have such a huge impact. Fantastic.Tried to comment about this on YouTube and all i got was kill yourself comments, that's the fan base that is the majority over there.Just do everything separate and in small batches, then it should be fine.I'm not even mad, just extremely disappointedTime to complain i suppose.....Sigh....From fantastic four i think.Promotion from nxt, the development brand.The dust is usually just cornstarch.One day of work then i have Sunday and Monday off so hopefully I'll make it back in time for the start of takeover. 

Gonna be a good weekend.Yeah i have one here, whatever you need it for. Have a look.

[Bus Ticket Pic](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/PK0uCgX)Read the labelGet the itheory app on Google play, only 3 or 4 euro well worth it for the portability.Government ; 

"let's fuck up the entire country and create laws that will destroy the rights of our citizens, that'll show those terrorists."Lidl pepperoni seem to be the best I've had, compared to the aldi ones anyway. (The cheap ones).Have degree in forensics, wash dishes.
(By choice)Me too thanks.Not if you are actually working towards them..The oven in the kitchen i work in has a hose built into it and was leaking everywhere nonstop just today, it does happen.I'm not even mad anymore. I deserve it.Oh my god you are in for a wild ride my friend.Totally agree about episode 167, to me it's a masterpiece and i loved the style of animation.Sleep tight pupper.I'd still only buy this for a max of 5 euro on steam, even then that's still probably too high for this considering how limited it is.Haven't played it but reading about it seems like all of these new Tom Clancy's games are become much to casual and toned down compared to what they used to be.If taker could possible help create one of the potential top hated heels of all time he might do it. Could do wonders for reigns.How do you keep doing this.I can only be disappointed now after reading that, god damn that would be incredible.Love one piece and didn't get the bundle, anybody have a key that definitely won't play it?
 I'll try give something in return either a steam code I have (not sure if I have good games)
 or if you would like gold (never gave gold before but willing to haha ).Only knew three of them and they were all pure scumbags . Waste of oxygen.Don't do the four year college course because by the end you will want to do something completely different.Started as kitchen porter as eventually if like to be a chef.

Pros: getting way fitter and losing weight very fast. Feel much better physically. 

Cons: very tough when it gets busy as I'm in a hotel, working non stop full pace for hours. Thought I was going to die at the beginning. Usually always work weekends.Took me about two years to start watching hxh. Damn was it amazing.UghWhen it fell on the floor.Buy a 4k TV from the intensive job you've just started because otherwise life would look too dark and negative.

Sunday seems so far away...Worst thing to do is to under value yourself. Minimum wage is still pretty crap and getting paid under that is not good enough simply put.This was the first rumble for me where the entrant's where actually very easy to predict  , as in who would be next ect..

It seemed too formulaic this year, not the wild and unpredictable show that makes it usually great. 

Even though the last few years have been declining in quality.Damn it can't we have at least one good royal rumbleJesus Christ I thought of it was a ban on refugees maybe I could see some sense, but this is just retarded.Seen Sabu last year at OTT in Ireland and shit he can really still go. Hope he can go in eventually.Be a chef.

Started as a kitchen porter a few days ago and already want to die.

Getting close to the dream.....I pay 10 a month and get 1gb, or i can pay 20 and get 5gb, that sounds terrible over there.

(Or 15gb data only, for 15)It's ok, I enjoyed it a few years ago but it's not very big, have a good long look at everything and take your time. 

Only one way to find out if it's good, if you don't like it at least you are still in bray so there's other stuff to do.I have one, a messenger bag, don't go out without it.The guy that climbs to the top knows better than anybody else what it's like, so of all people it should be him to show it.Thanks , I've sent a return form to them.Yeah Ireland.Have a job.Thanks for the info, the unit was in a fully plastic container, and I've sent a return form to ANOVA so hopefully it will be sorted out.Thanks man I'll give it a go.I understand where your coming from, but if that was the case it should work when there's not much else running on the circuit, 

All other appliances work on at the same time no problem, but on its own the ANOVA causes that problem, so to me it's a fault with the unit.

And all of the wiring and stuff is brand new so it's not a case of old wiring.Tried it and it seems to be tripping something called an R.C.D on the fuse and all of the switches around the house go off,

Which looking it up is it trips when a circuit is under dangerous conditions, so it has to be the machine unfortunately.Don't think so, not much was plugged in and it was working fine the last few times in the same place, and other appliances work fine.Yeah tried a kettle on the plugs i used the ANOVA on, worked fine.I had plans, to do nothing. The best type of plans.These people and their ideals need to be wiped out for good. Sickening stuff.Loved batman and robin, the George Clooney one, must have watched it dozens of times.

A few years later I find out it's one of the most hated movies ever. Nice. I still like it though.Clarified butter (which is the same as ghee I think ) has a higher smoking point so it's much better to use such as when frying with it, compared to normal butter.Try double bagging and put the knife in the out one. I'll be trying that next.That's very interesting, I'll have to try that.

And if you double bag it then no worries of a knife contaminating etc.Thanks, I'll definitely keep your points in mind.I got the air out of these ones anyway, just immerse nearly all the way down in water then seal it. Nearly all of the air comes out.Thanks, I'll have a look.

Double bagging is also a great idea .Sorry should have put more info, 

Bags were just ziplock bags I got for 1.50, cheap ones. Thought it would be ok.

 
Broke in about 4 mins and filled with water 
(Broke from the bottom not the zip seal).

Temp was 73.9 i think.

I'll just have to get stronger bags.Just Google it and you will find it.Try 1337.to (not sure if that's the right ending but Google it), absolutely better than kat in my opinion.I watched all of season 5 in two days after dropping the last season half way through, and so far it really reminds me of seaspn 1 and 2, in terms of how good it is. 

This is their last chance for a lot of people, they better not mess it up again, or I'm out for good.I have wireless turtle beach stealth 450 and I personally love it, sound quality is fantastic and battery life is great, and they are very comfortable. 

Wireless is such a convenience the last thing you want is cables everywhere. 

I agree the 7.1 surround is just a gimmick and doesn't really work as intended.That's not a knife, THIS, is a knife.Hold the steam button and x, then it should connect.Basically, 

"This bitch plays game better than me and i don't like this, which means she has no life spending all this time playing it, but I'm different, I'm gonna show her by playing the game just like her."

Well done. You played yourself.If you go into the settings in the zdepth render element tab you can change the distance of the zdepth.

 If the object is too close to will look very white so just change the values of the near and far distances in those settings and you should get it the way it was.Press f10 then open the render elements , then select z depth and pick a location to save it to,

Then render the full image again and the zdepth file should also have rendered.If it's just a single image press the save button on the left side of the picture.

If it's a sequence you need to add it as a extra file to render, which you do in the render elements tab if your using Vray.OMG WHAYBTJE FICKWITH A COMPLETELY UNEXPECTED TURN OF EVENTS, ROMAN IS BOOKED STRONG.Using your eyes is a veteran skill. Believe that.Funny that the crowd seems to be"fuck raw"

Nothing new for wwe.If oil is pushed to the surface due to centrifugal force why we all still on the ground? 

And how are fossil fuels a myth? Genuinely curious, what is wrong with that term.

Edit;
Centrifugal force on earth does exist but is basically nothing in terms of against gravity. The closer you are to the core the less force there is, which makes the comment even more ridiculous.Teasing with a much better match, brave.Smackdown deserves to be booked better than that.I teared up a little. Absolutely deserves it.That's how democracy works, shutting down a sub because you think other subs are bad is ridiculous.

People have the right to vote for whoever they want without being abused for it. End of story.Teacher i had would stare at her screen for the whole class watching everything the class did, instead of actually teaching.

If they can do it then they're gonna do it.Just block the subreddit. Why all the drama?

Everyone was pissed when fph was banned , now that they don't like this one they suddenly change their minds on freedom .324,576.

Favourite is tough, but has to be Scyther.If it's busy maybe, took me around half an hour because it wasn't a serious issue.Give me hope .Did that a while ago, didn't even realise it for a few seconds, since i had a nice sharp knife.

Nice trip to a&e and now it's like it's never happened. If i had a blunt knife it would be another story altogether.I see you have the Regis marble frying pan, good stuff.

Next time make sure it's on the pan so the egg cooks.

And season it for the love of God.Fucking hell. This is brutal.

Brutally accurate.Im sceptical but still going to comment.A dog.I'm triggered by this.You know what , doing it at night makes it even better.THIS PLEASES ME.A ton of it is not done unfortunately, and might never be at the rate episodes are released, which is understandable as it's a enormous project to attempt.But what if i really want a discount, come on I'm more important than your job.