Yeah, whether you love it or hate it, it's such a distinctive design.That tissot is gorgeous, haven't seen that before.It's pretty uncommon, solar is generally more reliable for making a self-sustaining electronic watchLemon juice is a pretty strong acid. You'd need to rinse it well and dry it, otherwise you'll end up with a new, possibly more intense patina.

I'd stay away from brasso, bronze is slightly softer than brass, and brasso would likely put little micro-scratches in the surfaceProbably freaking out about getting a patina on the bronze, it's still novel enough that uninformed customers probably comment if it isn't shiny.No, oxford refers to how the shoe is constructed, broguing refers to the perforations and decorations along the faces and edges of the pieces of leather. An oxford can have broguing or not, as can other types of shoe. 

And there's no lace involved.I've never heard of pulsar before, so I don't have any idea how good they are.

For me I dont quibble over indiglo. At this price range, it's a fair alternative to lume, and it works. It's a pretty perfect watch for outdoorsey stuffPersonally I'm a fan of the timex expedition line, they have one that's basically the same as the one you linked.

http://www.watchshop.com/mens-timex-indiglo-expedition-watch-t49961-p99965704.html

They do all different colours and strapsIt's entirely subjective. For me the pelagos is in another league above the others you posted, because I don't particularly like cluttered field or pilot watches.

The planet ocean line is a little more classic and understated, depends if that's what you want, for me that's another reason to choose the pelagos, because I prefer the more modern look.

Aqua terras are pretty unappealing to my eyes, where the planet oceans look classic, the aqua terra just looks dated to me.What in particular are you after, the blue/black colour scheme, the chronograph, the tachymeter bezel?
The orient bambinos are 40.5mm with pretty short lugs

https://www.longislandwatch.com/search_results_a/258.html?search=Bambino

> oxfords, never brogues you hippie bearded fuckwit

Brogues can be oxfords, best not throw the word fuckwit around when you don't know what you're talking about.It's totally normal. The people  railing against black suits are generally self-proclaimed purists who only care about high fashion. 

Walk into any london office and you'll find hundreds of men in black suits.Those kind of 'rules' morph over time. People like to talk about it, but in the UK at least, a black suit in a work environment is pretty common. Assuming it fits well. > it's averaging +7 seconds per day. It's my first automatic, and that feels acceptable but not uber accurate. Any thoughts?

That's pretty good at Orient's price range. Have you experimented with leaving it in different positions over night to see how that affects the accuracy?>  I always thought that the Black Bay was the best alternative if one wanted the sub look and quality without the hefty price tag.

Also the black bay line especially the red and blue bezels, look so gorgeous, way more aesthetically appealing to me than a sub. But then I really dislike Mercedes hands.Set the gmt hand to utc (essentially gmt but ignoring British summer time), that way you always have a reference you can easily calculate time zones from, since they're all stated in utc+/-# nowEven the titans are swayed by trends. If nobody will pay patek prices for this style of watch, patek won't make them.

That said, IWC still makes pretty classically styled watches like this, eg the portofino.> I'm in Texas so its pretty hot.

This is a crucial detail you should have shared earlier.

You can just wear a stetson. Like the dudes in westworld. That shit is baller, and now is the time for this trend to happen imo. My mexican is rusty, but are we suggesting a poncho and a sombrero?> It's a very Asian thing. In most Asian cultures tanning is not considered to be desired.

Can confirm, my Asian wife insists on wearing sun cream every day, even though we get about 1 month of sun per year. She looks way younger than she is, so there's some logic to it. Jesus christPretty sure I heard this joke on the now show. Not only that, but NHS funding is being cut in real terms, by increasing the funding by less than the amount the workload has increased.The way he asked her for the painkillers the first time, like he didn't really want to use them, but needed them because of his arm (also, he's been shot in the shoulder/arm, and we haven't seen him take any painkillers since it happened until he's on the somnambulist).

And then Naomi's expression when she super-doses him to sedate him. What is lower range to you?

To some people that can mean anything up to a few grand.

Have you looked at analogue g-shocks? 

Personally if I thought there was a >1% chance my watch would be getting damaged, I'd take the cheapest timex expedition I could find. (Not really 'if', this is what I actually do, I have this: http://www.watchshop.com/mens-timex-expedition-watch-tw4999900-p99977181.html which I wear for travelling in high risk areas or when I'm doing outdoor activities.)

If I played golf I'd probably actually just use a pocket watch. Some people might think it's pretentious, but it actually suits the situation far better than a wrist watch.If you want to know if someone is into watches and wants to talk about them, just say "that's a nice watch".

If they don't care, or aren't in the mood to talk about it, they won't. If they're an enthusiast, and want to talk about it, they will. > All I really noticed was his nice ass.

novelty account?One of the great things about steel case + black minimalist dial, you can pair with pretty much any strap and have it look good.> when I see someone wearing a Timex I think they bought a cheapo watch but Skagen seems pretty respectable to me. 

Timex make decent watches in their price range. 

If two watches cost the same price, I don't see why you'd look down on one but not the other for being 'cheap'. If anything, Timex has more of a pedigree. People from all over earth went to mars, took their accents.

That's why alex has a texan accent.Noiirc didn't they send drafts of the expanse books to him to get feedback? I feel like i heard/read that somewhereI feel like they're trying to hint at a bobtyar ship.Yeah, he has a very youthful face. They leave the cargo hold depressurised.Also hints at a history of drug abuse in Amos's past.They're launched from a different mao-kwik research station, not GanymedeI suppose there's a risk that him murdering the martian guy could backfire.As someone pointed out elsewhere, the mcrn ships might have seen the proto monster on the side of the rociWell not long before that he was supposedly about to confess to being involved in the eros incident, his back was against the wallI think he's yet to testify in the hearings, and thus his involvement isn't public knowledge yetFucking a pig isn't a viable and effective way to keep the human body alive. Eating meat is.And best case scenario, it's still members of the British public...Is this like that bullshit Hume philosophy where everything is technically possible, and we can't predict anything about brexit cos we've never experienced one before?

Cos here in the real world we don't get to choose the outcome of a dice roll, and it has the same number on every sideSo you're telling me the government has just been hoarding  millions of pounds for a year? 

/S> in a quick transaction it could easily pass for the real thing

Yep, all it has to do is be a slippery piece of plastic that won't fold, and I'm like "yep, that's one of them stupid new fivers"I only heard about these recently, because of the few posts here. The oceanus brand seems to generally have produced some really nice watches, it's a shame casio don't seem to market them too much.How do they expect you to fire a rifle with that attitude?I wasn't saying it's fake, more likely just slightly mis-aligned when it was being assembled.https://www.longislandwatch.com/Orient_ER2400CN_Dress_Watch_p/er2400cn.htm

https://www.longislandwatch.com/Orient_AC00009W_Dress_Watch_p/ac00009w.htm

DW tends to have a poor reputation amongst enthusiasts. Despite being pretty affordable, they're still overpriced for the quality and style. You might pay $100 for a DW and bet getting a watch that cost $10 to make and will only last a few years, but with a more reliable brand you might pay more, but you'll be getting a better constructed watch that will last much longer.

If you just want something cheap and simple, there are much better value options than DW, that will be just as good, like a swatch or skagen watch.Glad it didn't happen to us, but that God guy, he's still great. They aren't bizarre, they're well established and have a sensible use: when dealing with sick people, and washing your hands often, you don't necessarily want a watch on your wrist, where it will pick up dirt, bacteria, and possibly bodily fluids or other chemicals. A wrist watch might also interfere if you're frequently putting on and taking off sterile gloves.Nato on this? Gunna look weird. The safest option would probably be a high quality black leather nato. But really just buy a nice actual normal leather strap.It's not centered. On a watch of this price I wouldn't accept that.Yeah, I wasn't trying to say they were equally dangerous, just that LE play down the danger of less-lethal weapons in general.> might not someone have the money to scratch together a ticket but have to save costs where they can?

Have you ever flown to asia? What poor person would spend their last few hundred pounds to fly to Vietnam so they can be a penniless beggar there?I really don't care, it was dumb before, it's still dumb. Show me how other users rated something, or show me nothing. 99.9% of the time I know what I want to watch, I don't care what netflix recommends, or if they know my opinion of a show/movie.>travelling storage Fuck suitcases

I uh, I don't know if that's exactly what I need from a bag, but ok.> Now I have 10 tabs open and going back and forth between watches.

Heh, story of my life. What if he cuts me?!> I like how you assume everyone that is white and travels is swimming in cash.

They are. 

>I know a lot of people that hitchhike or cycle to Asia on the tightest budget imaginable just because they want to explore the world.

But do they actually have the money to afford to travel normally? If so, hitchhiking/begging is unfair and disrespectful. If they genuinely have fuck all money, they should probably sort that out before heading off around the world on a jolly.
You mean like nurses watches?It attaches to a wall. So... you're at home, or at least, you're at a building, with this thing attached to it, so it's likely a building in which survival will be extremely easy.> My remark about the latter Weekender is that it might actually look better in silver with a colorful canvas strap like it is shown most of the times (at least where I live).

Yeah, the weekenders are often sold on nato straps, which are really easy to swap out, so you can change the look whenever you want.

>And I don't mind a cheaper mechanism until they are reliable. 

The kind of weird backward thing is that Quartz watches are cheaper, more accurate, and generally require less looking after. A Timex quartz will honestly be hard to break. Automatic watches tend to be more expensive because they're more complicated to make, but their complexity makes them less hardy and means you need to have them serviced. With a quartz all you'll ever need to do is the change the battery every few years, which is very cheap.
> Is it possible to buy a different bracelet separately?

I'm not sure to be honest. It's easy enough to get alternative bracelet straps, but they won't have that little bit next to the watch that fits perfectly against the case. (looks like this: http://thumbsnap.com/s/z49CM5Bi.jpg) Sometimes you can find replacement bracelets that do have endlinks for a particular watch, but I don't know about the hamilton, I've never looked.

>Any others you can think of that are similar to that hamilton?

If you're amenable to the splash of yellow, maybe this: https://www.tissotwatches.com/en-gb/shop/tissot-prs-516-automatic-chronograph-new-1-2.html

This one is very similar: https://www.tissotwatches.com/en-gb/shop/tissot-couturier-automatic-chronograph-valjoux-8.html

But they're with friends, they require the full width of the pavement! Otherwise one of them has to walk behind the other friends, and that means you aren't friends anymore.I used to commute via the waterloo and city line, and people are terrible for trying to get on while people are still getting off on there.

I had one day where my keys were in a pocket on the upper arm of my coat, and some idiot tried to barge onto the train while I was stepping off. He smacked into my shoulder, and thus keys, presumably hurting himself somewhat on them. Not what they're there for, but I wasn't upset that it worked out like that.> Why do people do this? 

I have some bad news for you. There is this thing called racism. Lot's of people have it, it's mildly contagious, and the symptoms can be particularly distressing. The value proposition for choosing one cpu vs another, and the value proposition for upgrading from a previous cpu to a new one, are very different. You can't chop and change which one you're talking about.

Core 2 was just so good. Looking back we got so spoiled. Such a huge jumped in price vs performance at the time, and we've had no such big jumps in price vs performance since. This might be handy for you to bookmark also: 

http://monevator.com/compare-uk-cheapest-online-brokers/> Maybe my requirements are a bit too complex...

Not really, Everyone has things they like in a watch, and even if there's only one watch out there that does all the things you want, what's wrong with trying to find it?

Like I said, personally, I'd probably try to save up a little more money, and get the black orient ray, and then also get a replacement strap. I'm sure you'd be able to find a brown suede strap pretty easily. 

If you like Braun, definitely look at skagen's lineup, they have some similar stuff, and are generally pretty affordable.

Timex also have another watch a lot like you describe, black with brown leather strap: http://www.watchshop.com/mens-timex-indiglo-intelligent-quartz-chronograph-watch-t2n700-p99942418.html

There's also a version of the Timex weekender with this colour/strap combo: http://global.timex.com/node/101576> Not sure what field means. 

Military esque - like this: http://www.hamiltonwatch.com/collection/khaki/field/auto-38mm/h70455533

Field watches are generally a mix of utility and minimalism. Not quite a black face with hands, but generally nothing fancy, nothing that isn't in aid of the single purpose of clearly telling the time are reading the face, so they tend to have clear fonts, and plain numbers instead of roman numerals. 

>Yes fairly minimalist but not to the extent of a true dress watch.

Minimalism isn't necessarily confined to dress watches, and some dress watches will have a lot of design-oriented styling, but I think I know what you mean.

How about something like this: http://www.sinn.de/en/Modell/356_PILOT.htm ?

You have to select the metal bracelet, by clicking select strap in the top right. With a metal bracelet that's pretty much £1500. Is this the sort of style you'd go for? Maybe a different colour face?

For less of a military style look you could go for something like this: http://www.watchshop.com/mens-hamilton-jazzmaster-automatic-chronograph-watch-h32616133-p99978798.html

And if there's room for the budget to stretch, you could get something like this tudor for £1700-ish if you shop around: https://www.tudorwatch.com/watches/black-bay-36/m79500-0001
>  Black case if possible. I don't like the looks of metal straps, so those are out.

Black case + no metal strap will be a difficult combo to find. You don't see many Black PVD coated watches that don't also include a matching bracelet, because leather doesn't really go well with a black metal case (imo).

You might have to pick up a black PVD coated watch with a bracelet, then swap out the bracelet for a different strap of your choosing. Though I would advise that this will look pretty unusual to most people. If I were you and my heart was set on this combo, I'd probably go for the black PVD Orient Ray and replace the strap, but even this is a little outside your price range (https://www.longislandwatch.com/Orient_AA02003B_Ray_Raven_II_Dive_Watch_p/aa02003b.htm)

Your price range will generally make this difficult, because the few good black pvd watches that are out there will cost more than $200. 

If you don't mind going with a cheaper quartz, you could look at something like this black Timex: http://www.watchshop.com/mens-timex-weekender-fairfield-chronograph-watch-tw2r26800-p100009361.html

Skagen also do some nice watches in this price range, e.g. http://www.watchshop.com/mens-skagen-holst-watch-skw6265-p99992783.html

If you're willing to forgo the black casing, your options open up considerably, as there are hundreds of options with leather straps in the $200 range, but we'd need more preferences to narrow it down, though you'd generally be looking at mostly dress style and casual dress watches. Minute markers?

Don't think they have a special name. The big non-numerical bezel markers, that are often mark 12 o'clock, and 10-15 minute intervals, on some divers, usually lumed, are called 'pips'. Check out Timex's range, the expedition range has lots of options for case and face colours, and they're pretty small as watches go thesedays.Style? Diver, field, minimalist, dress? Leather strap, metal bracelet etc?The target market for watches that cost 5 figures, are generally less skittish about that amount of money, for obvious reasons. 

It's a shame, but there's still awesome watches at every price range.Better that than end up as an [analrapist.](http://arresteddevelopment.wikia.com/wiki/Analrapist)Or just weak jokes on reddit.I had no idea Huawei made this. Looks pretty nice. Hows that strap, looks a little flexible?> I love how he does observational comedy but this seems too forced?

It seems really realistic to me. My mum is exactly like the woman on car share. Voice, facial expressions, everything.>£15 for a semi decent brand

£15 isn't going to get you any 'semi-decent' spirits. 

Don't bother mate, brandy isn't that great. Stick to scotch.Yeah, I never have any shoelaces come undone. Sometimes, worst case scenario the double knot gets a bit loose due to the material of the lace. But I just tug them tight and they're fine.Bought a holdall in the sales that I probably won't get much use from. 

Was only £30 though, so I'm hardly  to blame for this £30 billion thing.Yeah, I'm sure a judge would be thoroughly impressed if you tried to use "but this guy once did a bad thing" as a defense for an assault charge.He'll get 2 weeks ~~vacation~~ leave with pay, pending an investigation, which will find that his use of force was not excessive.Shipping containers.> Problem is that 'less lethal' was being seen as 'non-lethal'

This is an interpretation that is often made deliberately. The people using rubber bullets and tasers etc know how powerful and damaging they are, but choose to use them and pretend they believe them to be safer than they know they really are.> it seems like they really did think he had a hostage

Based on very weak evidence, that assumption should have been dropped once they entered the premises and saw there was no hostage, and thus, no immediate threat to life.The real issue is no-knock warrants, and to an extent even regular warrants for this type of thing. Judges in the US are too quick to give out warrants on flimsy evidence (one phone call tip off? from where?)Yeah, people probably don't quibble over items that are <£2, so they aren't going to notice that the fancy brand alternative is 50p cheaper or whatever. 

And I'm sure someone committing fraud to get cheap mortgages is paying his full and fair share of the tax he legally owes.>  he requires my sister to get £1500 out in cash each month to give to him.

Big red flag, obviously up to something, report him to HMRC.> But not for himself because he's perfect I'm guessing.

And he certainly wouldn't need spanking because he's a well adjusted person who never does anything wrong.>  sense of immediate entitlement to unearned greatness? 

Entitlement to unearned greatness? You mean like the people who worked menial jobs and bought houses for £2k that are worth £500K now? Indeed, when a sub-state isn't responsible for foreign policy, what's the point if the parent government has already weighed in?