I wonder what would happen if we passed a bill that all public officials had to have their email monitored by a single person who got to randomly post whatever they found interesting on Twitter how fast this BS would stop?Don't forget that this was actually a republican idea once, [floated during the Nixon administration](https://www.nixonfoundation.org/2015/11/the-nixon-comprehensive-health-insurance-plan/) and built on ideas from even earlier, going back to Eisenhower. Please note that that link is to the Richard Nixon Foundation site so that should trump the cries of "fake news" shills.  Read that plan and tell me that is not the ACA.  The Affordable Care Act is built on conservative ideas and now it's hated just because we've reached a point that anything proposed by the other "side" is somehow always bad. We've reached a level of asbolute absurdity. Somewhere Loki is laughing at the stupid little humans and their convoluted "logic."You got it!I've been researching genetic algorithms to spawn new neural nets for the last few weeks.  This idea goes back decades.  What I am noticing is that there is often not much cross over in ideas in AI, since folks tend to rat hole down a particular avenue.  But genetic algorithms already make sense on this front and I suspect that's what Google and Facebook are doing.

Check out the [NEAT paper on neuroevolution.](http://nn.cs.utexas.edu/downloads/papers/stanley.ec02.pdf)

There is also a [Python implementation of NEAT.](http://neat-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

Considering how much of Deep Learning is tweaking variables and waiting I expect to see many many more people picking up on this idea, because it makes no sense to sit their doing this by hand for weeks on end.    

A few folks have made good comments on being wary of anyone peddling the truth.  You should be.  I am too.  Critical thinking matters.  Feel free to disregard anything I am saying, but not simply because you reject the idea that anyone can ever lay claim to the truth.

I reject the idea that the truth is unfindable and that anyone who talks about it is automatically full of it.  For example, you'd be hard pressed to find a single diet that does not say lots of vegetables and exercise are good for you, even if it's a heavy meat diet like Paleo.  Truth is often in where things overlap.  So truth seems to exist and it does seem we can find it.  Hard yes.  Impossible no.

I'm also reminded of an old zen tale.  The student comes to the zen master with his shoulders hung.

"What's the matter, my son?" said the master.
"Well, I've just learned that truth doesn't exist in my philosophy class," said the student.  "It's all relative.  You can take any side in a debate and prove it's true and nothing matters."
"Oh really," said the master.  "Could you, for instance, prove that your nose doesn't exist?"
"Of course," said the student.  "First off all --"
Before he could finish the master punched him in the nose and said "What hurts?"I will say one thing about the law of attraction.  It does work just not how the pop books say it does.  If I am a douchebag I attraction shit.  If I am doing cool shit I attract others doing cool shit.  If I am violent and angry I attract that.

It's basic cause and effect.  It is not some mysterious thing.

The problem is the pop books start out with you visualizing a mansion or a Ferrari.  But what if your dream is to be a social worker or a doctor saving kids in some war ravaged country?  Then the Ferrari is incompatible with that dream. There is a dependency tree problem with those two wishes. What you get is a mud hut in the jungle and your reward is helping those kids.  That is the joy.  

If your dream is to be the CEO of some mega-corp or something than sure you can have the Ferrari but even then it makes no sense to start there.  Instead just wish to produce something awesome that people care about and go from there.  The rest takes care of itself.

The law of attraction doesn't work like the Secret. It works like the old Rolling Stones line: "You can't always get what you want but if you try sometimes you just might find you get what you need."

The universe gives you what you need to succeed, nothing more and nothing less.Primarily fiction but now working on non-fiction too.