Your wife is a very understanding lady.I hope your grandma is hotter than Molly Ringwald.Sure with an angle grinder a face shield is necessary, with a tiny dremel cutting disc glasses are fine.I've had them break and hit my arm, although they have velocity they have almost no mass so don't penetrate but they can graze, and a grazed eyeball would not be fun. One did explode right into my glasses once.Can the rest of the world just send fat boy a video of us all pointing and laughing?They can also shatter at thousands of rpm. Wear safety glasses folks.

*edit: Source; was OSHA in a chemical plant. We drummed this stuff in to people night and day and yet they still try to cut corners. Don't cut corners, not even at home where nobody is watching you, the laws of physics are not different in your house. Wear safety glasses when using tools and chemicals. Wear foot protection when digging and mowing. Remove jewellery when using rotating equipment. It costs almost nothing to stay safe, but depending on what you do, an accident could be the end of your career and the loss of your family home / death.*That's nonsense, how can woof be both pick and ordinance?It's also remarkable that this is probably one of the most justified uses of a horn I've ever seen. Considering that the lawful use of the horn is limited to alerting another road user to your presence.Nope, tread does one thing only, squeezes water sideways out from under the tyre so that it doesn't build up and lift the tyre off the road. Slight dampness, a smearing of oil, dust or dirt would not make a difference to a brand new or a bald tyre.No defensive driving class on the world can prevent a collision when someone pulls out in front of you. We all pass the front of vehicles by just inches when we cross side roads. You can ease off the throttle and cover the brakes, but it is impossible to prevent a crash once you pass the point of no return.No tread in the dry might even improve braking.

Brakes too small? Too small for what? stopping a 207 from 60mph in 1.5s. In that case almost every car on the road has brakes too small. Morgan driver is a dick end of story. Peugeot driver had less than two seconds from realising the Morgan was pulling out to the moment of impact. That includes reaction time. It's easy to pass judgement on the Peugeot from the comfort of your armchair, they should never have been put in that situation by the actions of the Morgan driver who simply failed to look when pulling on to a NSL road. This advice is not universal, it will depend on the situation, the dog, the terrain.

If you think the dog is probably a friendly dog that got spooked by the bike, then it will probably work; if you are being chased  by something that wants to rip your throat out, GTFO.

Like, if I'm getting run down by a Coton de Tulear, I'm going to stop and give him cuddles. If it's a Doberman, I ain't stopping for shit. (Doberman owners please don't bother telling me how lovely your dogs are, I'm sure they are, this is about the damage the dog *could* inflict).I feel like a goat crown is something I want to try.Well, you are that guy.Oh Viper! You ain’t never did nothing to nobody!...Well, you bit a lot of people Viper, so technically, you might actually deserve this. This might be something that was long overdue. But it shouldn’t have came like this! Not on my watch!In cases where this solution isn't possible, If your head goes through face first then it needs to come out face first. i.e. Turn 180 degrees so you are looking up and not down, then your face comes through the bars before your ears.170330 format is extremely sensible in some situations filenaming for example you can a-z the name into the correct chronological sequence. Try that with 300317 then the next file will be 300316 instead of 290317I think perhaps you are right.This. The yanks took 16th/17th century English and kept it. Our upper class knobs decided that French was more fashionable and used the alternate spelling and it stuck.

Use zzzzs unless you are a cheese eating surrender monkey.Thank god I'm not the only one.Majestic!I spent the last year organising my entire photo collection, I started with 27,000 digital images, then I scanned about 5,000 family photographs going back to about 1868. My library now has 21,000 images in it as I carved out a lot of dross, and is about 60GB.

If you have a library of 126GB then I would bet you have a whole tonne of images which are either rubbish, near identical, blurred images, or dark images.

Spend a couple of days going through the library and delete the crap, be brutal. It is much nicer to have a smaller collection made up of quality photos you enjoy looking at than having a tonne of rubbish.My 7+ 128GB had 31.93GB available and now has 34.73Gb available, used space has gone from 89.55 to 89.24. 

So I've gained 2.8GB!BritishSolutions - being the dad who has left mum in the car with the crying kids, and choosing the longest queue so you can Reddit for five minutes and not get told off.It looks like they have the phone http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4350264/Rudd-demands-access-encrypted-WhatsApp-messages.html#comments-4350264

But she's saying they can't access the messages because of end to end encryption? Wut?

Surely as long as they can get past the iPhone security then WhatsApp is then readable?

So is it WhatsApp or apple?

I'm beginning to doubt our political leaders are fully conversant with the issues they oversee.They almost certainly don't unless they are complete tools. I heard they can communicate by going on to an RPG and having their character write something down or even machine gun it in to a wall, at least theoretically not that that might be how they do it, but there are obscure ways to do it that aren't direct communication.There is no direct equivalent of the Home Secretary in the US, but the closest equivalent might be the Attorney General.

There seem to be a traditional in the UK that anyone who becomes Home Secretary turns into an authoritarian nut job within a week. My belief is that the permanent staff of the department sit down a new Home Secretary on day one and scare the shit out of them, along the lines of "You need to bring us more authoritarian laws or the terrorists will put your head on a spike and there will be blood flowing in the streets"Not if they both had surrogate children.More like therapist dogs, they are good listeners.Because red is the colour of socialism, and socialist governments are always oppressive.The wisdom of crowds means that you only have to see the best content, rather than just any old crap one of your friends likes.You found the spirit of a long dead child, the daily mail will steal your photo and repost it. They will get thousands of comments saying how dumb the writer is, but hey, clicks.That's assuming he keeps Charles as his regnal name, which there is a fair chance he won't.The question was regarding reigns, which makes us Elizabethans. Globally it might be referred to as the post war period (I say might as there is no board which decides these things) but even so that period will probably be considered to have ended in 1991 with the fall of the Soviet Union, and the digital revolution era began with the first web page going live.Carolean.I do. But it often surprises people as they never think of this as being an Elizabethan era.It's a passive aggressive behaviour to show dominance. They know what they are doing is antisocial, they are just challenging you to see if you (anyone in the vicinity) have the balls to call them out on it.

Also, they have small penises.I believe the official guidance is to wash it off immediately under running water and stay there until medical help arrives.

In our factory we use H2SO4 by the tonne and we have bottles of a product called diphoterine in emergency cases around the plant, but it costs something crazy like £900 per bottle. But diphoterine is supposedly effective against most acids or bases which makes it very useful.Would I be right to think this is like answering the question
- how much fuel do I need in my 20 tonne plane to travel 200 miles?
- 500kg
- but now I have a plane weighing 20.5 tonnes, so how much additional fuel do I need to account for the fuel I have added?
- another 12kg
Repeat ad infinitum...No, it would have apertures.Ho ho!I wonder to what extent simply giving up has an effect? 

65yo, no wife, no kids, get diagnosed with cancer. Are you as motivated to fight it as someone with a brood of grandkids?Love how the cop deliberately leans all over the car hoping his belt/equipment scratches it.It's more like ess-thetik or ace-thetik.You misunderstand, the pedestrian took a risk, possibly because they had no choice, but they did not create the risk, drivers do that. Every time you get in your car you are putting other people's lives at risk for your own gain.The moral hazard of driving, it is in the driver's interest to put other people's lives at risk. 

The pedestrian is totally innocent in this situation. The other driver has also chosen to drive a dangerous vehicle in the public realm and therefore put other people lives at risk and they are offered some protection by their own vehicle. 

You created the hazard, you accept the consequences and avoid the pedestrian.That's the last time she'll make the mistake of doing someone a favour.That's the last time she'll make the mistake of doing someone a favour.This LPT fits one of my life rules. Never put in writing anything you don't want to appear on the front page of the Daily Mail; read aloud in court; or read by your mother.Guy in the back is looking at the meter like he doesn't read good.This isn't college, conferences and training take place in hotels all over the world. There is no security between this room and the street, all the hotel staff have access to the room, and hotel guest have access to the room, anyone wandering in off the street has access to the room.No story, I just find it bizarre that people want to make a nice tribute with flowers and instead all you can actually see is a some plastic.

Like when Princess Diana died and thousands of people laid flowers at Kensington Palace, the media referred to it as a sea of flowers, but in reality it was a sea of plastic.

http://cdn.inquisitr.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/Flowers-laid-by-mourners-outside-Kensington-Palace-for-Princess-Diana.jpg

The same things happens at roadside tributes and even in cemeteries. If I worked in a cemetery I would go around removing all the plastic.The correct response to "How are you?" Is "I'm very well, thank you".

This is different to "How do you do?" To which the correct response is repeating "How do you do?".

Source, am English.

Edit: if you are actually ill it would be polite to say so, to explain why you might keep your distance and not make any physical contact.Oh Viper! You ain’t never did nothing to nobody!...Well, you bit a lot of people Viper, so technically, you might actually deserve this. This might be something that was long overdue. But it shouldn’t have came like this! Not on my watch!Wow, most excellent, thank you very much.Yes, it might well be, but with the external influence of the other traffic.That's what I was looking at earlier, and although there are definite similarities I don't think it does fit really. With Monty hall you must have more than two options to begin with and it deals with how reducing the number of options changes the likelihood of success.

With my problem, you only ever have two options. Stay or change.Mars? It looks more like.....The middle of the night, trying to wake up as little as possible so don't turn on light or have to concentrate on aim. Just walk in, sit , piss, done.That might be true, or it might not. German doesn't equal Nazi. German military does not even equal Nazi. My grandfather was in RAF intelligence in Aden, maintaining electronic equipment I believe, so I don't think he did any actual fighting.Wow, thank you. Interesting analysis which makes a lot of sense.I can't be sure but I know she visited Blackness castle on her holiday there.Excellent, thanks!Unfortunately not :(

Would the lederhosen be a clue, would they have been worn by men from all over Germany or more traditionally Bavaria region? Or am I stereotyping too much?Not sure about that.

A redditor here https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/244oc4/how_much_percentage_of_the_german_male_population/?st=iyitb62k&sh=e1d21b6b says 46% of males were killed or wounded, we can calculate it to be 21% killed. But of course, our young Tommy here who was probably about 24yo in 1939 would be in a very high risk demographic. So it might be that there was a >50% chance he diedWell, someone had to say it.Here goes a very long shot…

I have recently been scanning all the old family photos when I chanced upon this one which my grandmother showed to me many years ago, the image is my grandmother Gertrude with a young German chap named Tommy.

My grandmother passed away in 2007 but right up until her last years she fondly remembered the young German boy she met on holiday in Scotland in about 1938. He returned to Germany after his holiday and I believe they briefly exchanged letters but that ceased with the outbreak of war. Soon after that she met my grandfather whom she married when he returned from service in 1945.

I’m afraid I have no other info than this image; his name, Tommy; and the fact he was in the UK sometime between 1937-1939. You can see he’s a rather dashing chap and my grandmother always wondered what became of him.

Did he survive the war? Does he have descendants who have heard his side of this story? My grandmother’s brothers would tease her that Tommy was probably flying one of the planes that blitzed Liverpool, perhaps he was.

Well, Reddit, can you help?I agree with you 100%. If you drive blind in to the sun you may as well be driving while wearing a blindfold, and the law should treat you like so.It's an unfortunate fact that anyone who becomes Home Secretary "goes native". I think day 1 at the home office involves the permanent secretary and his minions doing their best to utterly scare the shit out of you so that you will approve anything they request. I can't remember a Home Secretary who stood up for the rights of the individual, this is not just a Theresa May issue.Put your thumb over his head and he's just a regular adult cat! LPT - use lights both night and day. It is even more vital if there is a low sun in the sky in front of you, drivers behind will not see you. They won't stop and they may not even slow down much despite the fact that low sun + dirty windscreen = total blindness. Many drivers in the UK have killed cyclists in this manner and the law offers no support. One woman killed a cyclist while she was driving i n to a low sun and she was not even arrested.

A reasonably powerful rear light will be very visible in the dark, but only a very powerful rear light is visible through a blinding sun.Helmet is not mandatory in the UK.Dickheads who speed in residential streets deserve to lose their license, not just a small fine. Porsche driver is a dick.Thanks, great advice. I always worry that once a waterproof jacket is washed it is never quite as good as when brand new, so I'll be trying out your tips.Thanks guys, it's a Castelli Free jacket, on sale after Christmas, about £100 in the UK. How's this going to work for identical twins? Does the infrared pick up on invisible to the naked eye features?It isn't a case of "issues", parking on the pavement is illegal, no matter how common it is. Parking on the road might inconvenience other drivers, that's just their bad luck. Don't park on the pavement. Having said that drivers in the UK are generally ignorant of parking rules, particularly things like parking with 10m of a junction, and are happy to put vulnerable road users lives at risk for the sake of a convenient parking space.For civil damages probably the guy at the back is most responsible, but blue car driver could be up for criminal charges.Remember, no matter what, the driver is only permitted to be on the road, they bring the risk to any situation and it is always ultimately their responsibility to drive safely.Good job on swapping to the 15. Though it struck me that buying a lightning fast machine and then keeping most of your data on an external HDD is rather counter productive.Or more importantly, respect yourself. Don't sit around waiting for her while she's getting nailed by the football team. 

As others say above, be open to the idea that there isn't just one perfect person, there are many people who can love you, you just have to be open to that possibility rather than shut yourself away waiting for someone who has already stated they aren't particularly interested.Flickr is part of Yahoo whose greatest hits include
2. Having 500 million users hacked.
1. Having 1 billion users hacked.Looking at that list Evernote is the last of their worries. They have done the NSA's / cyber criminals job for them by putting every aspect of their life on somebody else's servers.Have 14 month old, can confirm he has belly like this permanently not just after food, it is wondrous to behold and has magical powers, if you rub it he falls asleep.Salt, loads of salt. Put on way more salt than you think you need and then double it.It's simple projection. It's what is on their mind and they assume other people are like them. Solar PV article illustrated with a solar tower? Hmm.We'll call that a win! It was about 15km/9 miles. IRL I would have approximated it to be 3/4 miles. 

I was actually standing next to a ship frozen in the fjord when I took the photo. We entered the fjord on skidoo around the far end of the wall, at which point I guessed the distance to the ship. I was very wrong, if I had been walking I would have set off and not arrived by nightfall and then be eaten by a polar bear.

Photo is Svalbard 78 degrees north.That's over egging it a bit.No, but actually not an awful guess.Astronomical units? No.Nope.20 whats??NoooooNope.Not even close.Smart is remarkably difficult to reverse park straight. Because it is so short you have no point of reference, you look in the mirrors all and you see is air instead of the sides of the car.There is a theory in economics called "revealed preferences". People say one thing and then act in a different way. Eg you can have a thin phone or one which doesn't need charging as often. They say one thing but then spend their money in a different way.

Apple for example figured that actually people weren't that bothered and would generally prefer thinner to battery life, it was a risk. They've sold a billion phones.

To some extent though it is a false dichotomy, because with the new phone, whether it is thin or thick, you also gets lots of other upgrades which may be more influential on the purchasing choice.