> And, governments that will pursue this technology advancement free of corporate lobbying and the self-interest of the super-rich. 

And they all lived happily ever after. >  It hurts my heart to see ~~hate~~ crimes being committed against ~~Sikhs~~ anyone

The guy next to me referred to Jurassic Park as an old classic.

I felt ancient.Stay in your place wholesomememe. The world isn't your play area!>They could, but this is very rare, as medical intervention generally only enters the picture when the child is convinced he or she is a different gender from the one he or she was assigned at birth. 

Gender isn't assigned at birth. Biological sex is determined and how rare is it?

>And if the child does change his or her mind, the negative effects are far less than the effects of denying the child's gender identity would have been.

>And if the child does change his or her mind, the negative effects are far less than the effects of denying the child's gender identity would have been.

Do we know if puberty postponement has any long term effects or not?> high value on human life 

But what value? Is it fractionalised? Does one life have more value than others?

>citizens interests in heart or else we would never give it office.

Unless the average person can be convinced that this is the best choice... which seems not to be that difficult a task.Prison population.And what of those who felt they did?

Cruelty is to be avoided for those who did and accepted for those who didn't?

>Isn't that like saying that we shouldn't have any laws because those in power will eventually abuse those laws?

It's not like saying that. But the crux of what you saying is that whatever system you have, will eventually be used against you by authority. Yes. It will. This is why modern systems attempt to implement limits of power that try to cut off these abuses at the pass before they happen. They require intricate balances of power that must be maintained until they can't anymore, then the system needs to be rebuilt, revised and or cleared out again. 

>surveillance is going to happen there is no doubt in my mind that it will become more widespread and accurate.

Eventually it would be in our own thoughts. Mainly because people never drew a line and said enough is enough.

>What we need to focus on is how that data are used and who or what gets access to them and the repercussions for their misuse.

No. We need to focus on limiting government and authoritative power with the FUNDAMENTAL understanding that these organizations can't be trusted. How that happens is another discussion altogether because the consequence of not doing these things is going to be much bigger and more worse than simple out of control surveillance. 

>Again I reiterate justice reform will be far more conducive to bettering our society than trying to stop something wholly inevitable.

It seems to me to only be inevitable because people have failed to do what they must to inhibit authorities who will ALWAYS take the next step no matter what.

It sounds to me like what you are saying is, authorities will always take the most horrible step and we must put in place laws that will restrict these authorities once they have those capabilities.

On what planet might you be living on sir?> there is never a reason to exterminate a group of people. 

There seems to be lots of reasons to exterminate a group of people. They behave in a manner you don't like. They take resources. They are inhibiting your territory. 

"But AI won't care about that" 

That would be assuming what the AI has been programmed to find important.

"No, I'm talking about a perfect AI that hasn't been tainted by humans"

Oh. :|>No Command. The comms channel feature is great, but its lacking an actual Platoon Leader / Platoon Sergeant that the Squadleaders communicate to on that Platoon/Command channel. Each team is essentially a heavy infantry platoon, and having a Platoon Leader and Platoon Sergeant would help alleviate some of the Lord-of-the-Flies aspect of one squadleader taking overall command in addition to his squad.


This. This all day.Go fuck yourself cunt. 

How'd that affect your anxiety? >I doubt AI will decide that an entire group of people will need to be eliminated.

What makes you so sure?To change gender. A child could intend on changing gender, only to mature and realise they didn't want to at all.> I think better surveillance would make us a safer society. However what needs to be addressed is how the data are used and what is and isn't illegal. I'll admit I have reservations about surveillance myself but I think the knee-jerk reaction of surveillance=bad is not the way to go. We need a justice system that is interested in rehabilitation and not prosecuting victim-less 'crimes.'

That all sounds fantastic - if you live in a world where authority can be trusted not to step outside their bounds. They can't, not ever. NOT EVER. So that's why surveillance = bad and always will.Actually the problem can be, in some part, placed at a specific time, when the Fairness Doctrine was repealed.
> But the alternative is to force the child to go through an unwanted puberty, to dress like the wrong gender, and to call him by a name not appropriate to her gender. That seems far, far more cruel.

If that was the intended outcome. When it isn't the intended outcome, one could imagine the victim would be perplexed that adults would allow such a decision to be made by a child. That seems cruel."Talk shit get..... FUCK!" 

"Talk shit get..... FUCK!" 

"Talk shit get..... FUCK!" 

"Talk shit get..... FUCK!" 

"Talk shit get..... HIT! Bitch! Yeah." 
Would you not describe a young boy taking puberty inhibiting drugs and dressing up and being treated like a girl as beginning that transitioning process before they were capable of making rational decisions on their own?I understand that from a physical sense, the effects of transition will be more effectively convincing if puberty is delayed.

What I am asking is, do we know what the impact is of transitioning before they are mature enough to make that decision and do we know if this delay has any physiological effective long term?I understand the biological imperative strictly in terms of results. But does the biological aesthetics outweigh the mental development that comes later, that may assist in them making the choice that rights for them?

So ultimate aesthetics vs ultimately the right choice.

And do we have any research to indicate that these puberty inhibiting process don't negatively impact them later in life?>It might be important to do sooner rather than later.

Elaborate.What I was talking about is common sense. Not ideological trash.

It's not my fault you care so little about the world or current events to know this isn't hyperbole. This is something that struck me when my wife was watching some show about people pretending to be criminals to see how long they could last in prison.

Unbelievable how many people with untreated mental illness are just dumped into the penal system.

This is not good, at all. We have the highest population on Earth, ever... millions of people, and we are just throwing them in prison when its clear they need serious help.

I guess from a government standpoint its easier to throw them in prison and forget about them, free labour and backpocket contributions from private prisons, than to have to fund a serious attempt at treating mental illness. Yeah because its all I see: Source? Source? Source?

Sources are important. When someone makes some wild claim I immediately google it to see if something comes up. If I can't see something or the source I seem to get is suspect then I ask for a source.

I don't compulsively ask for a fucking source because I have google at my fingertips which allows me to find the answer to my own damn question potentially immediately. Fucking google ffs

http://www.nytimes.com/2003/09/28/us/us-uses-terror-law-to-pursue-crimes-from-drugs-to-swindling.html

Literally took me 5 fucking seconds. I believe the world is run by an international consortium of globalists corporatist bankers.

Not so sure about the whole lizard thing though.Yeah what happens if the AI determines that a certain group of people need to be eliminated for the good of mankind?

We just gonna listen?

"Nah, we will ignore it on certain things"

Is that before or after we give it control over the robots with guns?> Except that IPA was ABUSED by councils, not used the way it should have been.

Every act and legislation like this is abused. Look at the US... the fucking patriot act was used by police to spy on people looking for petty drug dealers.

This is why you never allow governments to enact overreaching laws because they WILL be abused.I've said this before.

As distasteful as many Trump voters were... it behooved us to unite together, Sanders and Trump supporters because we had so much in common.

But we allow the establishment to divide us. 

Now Trump supporters are watching their establishment candidate reveal himself.You are attempting to battle in an arena designed against the victory of the people.

You aren't going to win. The system, the game needs to be changed. 

Go ahead, try fucking around within their game. Call me in 30 years, let me know how it's turned out.

>but all it gets you is a situation where the "horrible nonsense" wins them power.

Then do something about it. Don't sit there trying to play their game because ultimately you will lose. Hit the streets, take action, demand change. 

Any positive change that has happened in this country and throughout history has happened because people refused to play the game.

Hint: THE GAME IS RIGGED.You don't fight immoral behaviour with immoral behaviour. You stand strong beside your values and weather whatever horrible nonsense the other side throws at you and you have faith that the truth will prevail.

When you fight monsters, be careful you do not become one yourself. 

So much of the world is so backwards and upside down because people decided to fight fire with fire.I don't want to see the democrats doing the same thing.

I want to see gerrymandering made illegal.

We should be encouraging franchise, not manipulating it.

HOWEVER - this does only confirm in my mind just how alike the democrats and republicans really are at a macro level.Low IQYeah its all fun and games talking about the ultimate result of a conflict with North Korea and their inevitable loss... but lets not be to full of ourselves. The cost in lives would be disgusting and Seoul would be turned into dust.I had propofol a few times. DAAAAAAMN best sleep I ever had. Attraction is a biological process. 

If you are attracted to someone of the same sex and not people from the opposite sex, that is homosexual. 

Now, are their lifestyle choices that coincide with sexuality, sure, but that's not important with regards to the biological processes taking place. 

Sexuality =/= identity. 

However you can certainly develop an identity out of your sexuality if you wanted to.>Identity can scarcely be quantified in the same manner as biochemistry

Genuine question. Are you conflating identity with sexuality?


Wow just in time for a sale too!

Awesome!

As an obedient consumer I'm going to head over there straight away and purchase your unbiased recommendation!>It's almost never a complex, overarching conspiracy

Almost never, but sometimes.The real energy input vs the digital resource output is exceedingly skewed compared to real life.

E.g. Chopping down a tree

Video game: ~ 5 seconds. Very little calorie expenditure. You carry around a micro-representation of the entire trees weight in your pocket via a magic inventory.

Real Life: ~ 1 hour. Massive calorie requirement depending on the tools. You have to carry the tools and the chopped wood.

Yeah she seems like a great roll model. Its great that morality and intelligence are so nicely entwined.

I'm joking she sounds like a total cunt.Prostitute < Pornstar < Pornographic Industry Actress.

"Island of 4 million decides to take action of global consequence."What is a microaggression?Maybe the funding provided for support of mental illness state to state? May be, maybe not. At this point its all speculation. Fear = Control.>The moment that happens, i'm off to Beagle Point again, and this time not coming back.

GOOD! That's the point... its not like we are strapped for space. Go, with a bunch of like minded folks and blaze a trail. A new, peaceful corner of the galaxy. 

Until the aliens find you of course.Woman.I... did not know that. 

Wow, that's really disappointing :(.What happens if you just receive fire and wait until they get within visual range, then just open up on them with everything?I didn't say the effects of drugs like this are permanent. It really pisses me off because the community is partly to blame. There is an obvious solution that nobody wants to entertain and every time its brought up it gets downvoted by introverted people who want to jealously hold on to the exact experience they feel comfortable with, even if it could cost the future of what is an exceptional platform for something greater.

The solution is - open up the fucking game! Allow people control over the systems. Let clans form and let them take over territories and build bases and control zones and own corporations and stations. Allow these groups to build in their own territory, spread influence and fight with each other.

This game, were it to take a route similar to Eve, would take a giant heaping shit all over Eve and the competition. 

I mean just THINK ABOUT HOW MUCH REAL ESTATE WE HAVE TO WORK WITH FFS!

But they won't do it and so often when this topic is brought up people don't want ot hear it because they would rather play their private little glorified, empty single player experience than try something new, bold and exciting which would turn the game into something truly groundbreaking and from a development standpoint it would take the pressure off of Frontier to run on the content treadmill. No i'm not. Hyper connectivity isn't necessarily something a functional adult wants. It allows you to prioritise important useful information. 

Without these constraints everything is important, everything is essential information and its overwhelming and nonsensical. Good luck trying to function at all in day to day life without this efficient censoring process.

Yeah, in doses it can be super helpful for psychiatry and opening yourself up to new ideas that you might not have otherwise entertained, but the idea that 'Hyperconnectivity' is just flat out something good that we need all the time is silly.

Not that anyone has suggested that per se... but there is this implied, hippy idea that it is a better state of mind to be in by default. No, it isn't thats stupid. JJ Abrams is a total hack.Don't forget...

He expanded the middle eastern conflict to Libya, Syria and Yemen!

He gave billions of dollars worth of weapons to terrorist supporters!

He launched a drone program which has killed hundreds and hundreds of innocent people, often based on flimsy meta data!

He not only continued with the Patriot Act, he expanded it!

He created new powers that allow authorities to detain Americans without trial.

He didn't accomplish any of his promises regarding the middle eastern conflicts, or shutting down extra-judicial prisons or treatment of 
prisoners - including torture.

He made it impossible to sue Monsanto

He Promised not to employ lobbyists in his administration and subsequently filled his administration with lobbyists.

He provided weapons to drug cartels in south America.

He supported a tax funded bailout for the very same financial institutions that were responsible for it in the first place.

Thanks Obama!Who are naked and have wires hanging out of their assholes. This is England. They don't tend to do that sort of thing very often. At least not often enough to assume that would be the response. I'm a fully grown swearing, spitting, grunting man and I just made a silent weird squished up face like I just sucked on a lemon, but in response to how cute this is. Like my body couldn't physically tolerate not being able to squeeze this little guy.Ive been listening to this clinical psychologist Jordan B Peterson and this clip in particular blew my fucking mind. Its really helped me understand why my wife seems to fall apart at the slightest problem in life.

https://youtu.be/F3n5qtj89QE?list=PL22J3VaeABQAT-0aSPq-OKOpQlHyR4k5h&t=1981

33:00-50:00 is just revelatory for me. 

I'm probably going to murder this, but here is what I got from it:

Basically having the ability to properly prioritise concern, within a larger hierarchy is a sign of a healthy psyche. When small things cause you to blow through your entire hierarchy in one go, that can be a symptom of depression. Its incredible listening to him describe it because that's exactly what it looks like.

"I burnt the toast" 
"I should not cook toast so long"

Instead, with my wife for example, looks like:

"I burnt the toast"
"I can't cook"
"I'm a terrible wife"
"I'm a terrible person"

So fast that it basically looks like:

"I burnt the toast"
"I'm a terrible person"

He was saying that when you fall down to the bottom of a dominance hierarchy you have a serotonin drop and that people experiencing depression exhibit the symptoms of someone struggling at the bottom of a dominance hierarchy - even when they aren't. 

Its really pretty facsinating. This is my relationship with my wife. 

I am up she is down. I am happy she is sad. I am bright she is dark. I have sweet, she is sour. I am fast she is slow. I am green she is red.  I am high .... you get the idea.

Opposites really do attract. She is opposite to me in almost everything and because of that, as a team we work great together. She tempers my unbounding enthusiasm for everything and I motivate her when she cant bring herself to get out of bed. I am a disorganized mess, she is extremely regimented. I want to throw myself into things unhindered with concern, she wants to plan and prepare for things.

At times its extremely frustrating. Sometimes I feel like she is draining me of energy - especially when she is feeling depressed but at the same time she keeps me actually functioning like an adult human being, rather than sitting in my own filth with a huge stupid grin on my face, naked and covered in peanut butter and star wars figurines. 

I often look at our relationship like a snapshot of the United States... when both wings work together we fly. When we fight we just tear ourselves apart and get nowhere fast. 

I often send her this clip and we laugh about it all the time. The good thing is we are open and honest about everything. She says she is lucky to have me because she has some very deep issues from her past that have obviously made her the person she is today. I like to help her and talk about her problems in depth and I think that has helped her cope with them and deal with them. 

On the flip side her sister, having similarly impactful but different problems in her life does not have a relationship with someone who can help her and the consequence of that is - she's a complete and total wreck of a person. When I see photos of her I can just tell there is a storm going on behind her smiling facade and I know its hopeless for her because her parents were terrible at being parents and her boyfriend is just too dumb to understand or communicate with her about her past. 

Anyway I looooove Inside Out. I feel like Pixar really knocked it out of the park with how they metaphorically represented the psyche and also how they revealed the development and maturity of Riley by expanding her emotional intelligence and revealing sadness to be a healthy part of someones personality. We ask for more gameplay depth and people are fapping over this kind of thing.

No wonder they don't try. Why bother when people just lap it all up.Whooooaaa! Woooooooow! Whoooooooo!

It looks so boring!

Woooooow! 

Shit even the bible talks about that.The argument is that women aren't as interested in STEM fields because of cultural influence. 

I guess the idea is that by encouraging more women into these fields you can offset the cultural influences that have always existed. 

The reason they have always existed is, from an anthropological standpoint. Somewhat self explanatory, but thanks to modern technology may no longer be a requirement as the standard hunter/ child bearer relationship is no longer relevant. 

As to WHY its necessary to have equal representation of men and women in a certain field. One argument that will continue to be raised is that of role models. Proponents claim that it will be difficult for women to feel like they can achieve something without a suitable role model in said field, someone they can relate to or imagine themselves being.

I'm not necessarily endorsing any of this, rather as someone who likes to debate these issues often with people of that persuasion, I am merely repeating the arguments I receive over and over and over again. 

Starting the argument from a meritocratic stand point will inevitably lead you down the exact same logical path and the end point is what we are talking about now - arguably the most important, interesting and vulnerable aspect of this discussion. 

Cut to the chase I say.This is how the conversation STARTS.

Its inevitably not how it ends. Anyone who has had this conversation will tell you that establishing the meritocratic necessity of society is an easy victory. Don't pin your hopes on winning any debates about this topic if that's where your argument ends - you've already won.

Diversifying interest - that's inevitably where the conversation turns. Why aren't more women interested in STEM fields - for example. Are women encouraged into certain culturally endorsed roles. How do you get more women interested in more things? Thats where the conversation turns speculative and interesting and where most people who are hung up on the meritocratic aspect fall apart. 

Prepare.Yeah my sister in law is a care worker. She's only young, does the most horrendous things for piss poor pay on a zero hour contract. The things she tells me, I could never do in my entire life. These people deserve more. How is the market is not reflecting their value is one of those economic mysteries I'll never understand (hint: someone explain it to me :().Dope nope ropeHe isn't criticizing a particular administration though.

These are issues that have affected this country, and countries that have suffered for it, for a long, long time. Even during his tenure. But I dare say he was the least offensive in his role.Boy I can't wait for all these keyboard generals and analysts to be drafted if a war with Russia did ever kick off.I'm curious. What are the rules regarding heaven specifically?

I was under the impression that very few that have died until today have yet entered heaven. That most are essentially "sleeping" until the resurrection. And this is nothing new. The US has been using signals intelligence to subvert the private sector for a long time. ECHELON the precursor to the current NSA systems, was used to undermine an aerospace contract that would have otherwise had gone to a french company, but instead went to an American company that undercut them thanks to the information MILITARY SIGNALS INTELLIGENCE PROVIDED.Haven't they been using biometrics to track all men apprehended since America first occupied Iraq?

I'm pretty sure they have a vast database of people.I asked the person who's job it is to look after my health, not to mention the one thing that is most likely going to kill me.

FUCKING CUNTS.Hot springs are so strange. 

There was one in Koz in the Greek islands that my wife and I visited years ago. You put your foot in it, feels pretty OK. Another step over OH DEAR GOD NO WHY?!

It goes from tolerable to surface of the sun within inches.>First concentration camps since the holocaust?

Uuuh.... what?

No.No we can never be sure about any of it. There are too many political parties involved that all want things to go their way and it would take monumental naivety to believe that any of these parties wouldn't be perfectly satisfied gassing villages of innocent people to make their agendas happen.

So invading a country with the idea that we are going to be liberating anyone seems to me to be a catastrophically stupid idea... especially when you compare this to how these actions have gone down in the recent past and the known objective of the United States to secure nations near and around the Caspian oil basin as laid out by prominent foreign policy advisors throughout the 20th century. 

Its funny... when Russia is implicated - the results are in... they did it. When the US is implicated - nobody can be sure what just happened. I'm not saying that's what you are implying, but that always seems to be the general (manufactured) consensus. It wasn't a leak it was a hack and of course they will dispute it.>  I am 100% ~~on~~ bo~~a~~rd**e** with that

The US has already tried to place the blame for a chemical attack on Assad back in 2013 - and it turned out to be the rebels they were supporting that were responsible.

In '11 (I think?) a mercenary intelligence group called STRATFOR had their emails hacked and it revealed they were approached to arrange a chemical attack that could be framed on the Assad government. Yeah it really kicks up a notch at the end there. I love it.This freaked me out about 10 years ago when it first came out. 

About 3/4 through it starts to kick up a gear and get really disturbing.Who cares if politics ARE in their videos? 

I feel like Unilever has a lot to answer for.

... and nestle. >Anyone tougher and the effectiveness of your plane wont matter due to the nuclear holocaust.

Good point. I am not a scientist and I'm taking this at face value, being a layman I can't tell you if this new article is accurate. 

:EDIT:

Thank you for the downvote. I openly and honestly express my ignorance, as a disclaimer. Downvoted. Idiots."Yup, just as I thought. Lupus" Can someone please explain to me why the fuck this is voted so fucking high?

It's at best mildly interesting. 15.5k upvotes. Insane.

I would not be surprised in the slightest if these upvotes were purchased.There is no connection between intelligence and morality.

Although a lack of morality with high intelligence is arguably way more dangerous than the other way around.

They all sucked hard. It was just which one sucked less.I love the way they use Breitbart as the picture - when in fact governments are the biggest perpetrators of these sockpuppet accounts.Ron Paul as well.

There is some sane alternate universe where Ron Paul faced Bernie Sanders in 2012. 

Could you imagine the debate? It would be incredible. >I was just addressing the statement that people in general speak like retarded morons.

Yeah, they do. Because a large proportion of society wasn't educated properly and that will ultimately damage their success.

> Youths from all generations spoke in ways that were stupid compared to older generations. 

Sure... and the consequences of that were probably very much the same as they will be today, tomorrow and until the end of time.

>Some of that slang and new usage of words becomes part of the new standard language once that generation becomes older, while some of that language is left behind. It's just the natural evolution of language, it's not any worse today than it has ever been. 

Absolutely. Language changes.

>The biggest difference today is that it is more uniform - where once the language was very dependent on geographical area, with the availability of information the changes in language have become more uniform.

No argument here. Its concerning - bubbles emerge online also. Bubbles based on interest, nationality and intelligence/ education level. You can as easily surround yourself with moronic material today as a feudal peasant would be surrounded with moronic material (in the form of influence, role models and general lack of information and education). One difference between then and now is that we freely choose our ignorance, in some respects... but even then its not entirely true. How can we expect someone who comes from a poor back ground, with no education, surrounded by idiot role models to elevate themselves out of that environment (generally speaking)? If I spent my entire life living a certain way, only knowing that way... the knowledge to transcend that isn't just going to manifest itself magically into my head. 

I guess one way, although I don't know how effective it is, would be ridicule from those who aren't constraint by that environment, but I don't think that is going to work. people have a tendency to reject that.

I actually think the only solution is the slow but steady progress that society makes over time. More people being educated, more access to information. The trend over time is clear, its just that where ever we appear on that line is always going to be frustrating because we know where we could be. 

It is no more effective to make fun of these people, I suppose, than it is to defend their behaviour. I know you said you weren't defending this girl, but you were defending her vernacular and I don't think that's effective, helpful or really of any merit. Its an acceptance of ignorance. An acceptance of the failures of society. "Its OK to speak this way, things change" or alternatively "Its OK that society be influenced by the ignorant"Good. Keep it up please.I've been saying for years I'd love to see an updated version of this with giant creatures fucking up a physics driven, fully realised city.Kind of puts rude comments about female genitals in a private conversation into perspective eh?