Let's see it then 👌🏻Religion of peace They literally couldn't have gone further to accommodate these migrants and refugees. Housing, benefits , least racist / islalomphobic country in Europe. In return they have got no go zones, crime and rape. And now a terror attack. 

This is the face of islamism. No matter how nice you are , you will convert or you will die.Egypt ain't in Europe ya'llTo test trump. Obama drew a red line then didn't respond. Trump responded. Sad people had to die to play this game but hopefully this will prevent or deter Assad from doing it again.

I actually think this was the right move. They were testing him, see if he would be weak and do nothing like Obama did. 

The optimal response to Assad is to destroy him from the air, no boots on the ground. That's exactly what trump has just threatened him with.Get two puppies and call them 'allah' and 'Akbar'Tbh atlesst he's consistent. Hilary wasn't charged, if trump was gonna be charged he would be by now, and now no charges for rice. Dem Hilary voters Also wtf is in that to cost 20 dollars? That's like 15 quid!Basically she hates herself and can't stand seeing other people happyTbh this is just like the Russia allegations, no real evidence at the moment. Both stories could be completely made up. I really hope the truth comes out during these investigations and we can finally put this whole thing to bed. Load of crap. Plenty of other ways to communicate within encryption. Was an excellent movie, hope to see more from the cloverfield story.TBH I find his use of twitter and the way he gets baited into these things annoying. I wish he'd shut up and get on with the job. There's a lot I don't like about trump. But in comparison to Hilary, his plan for the economy, the the way he came out of nowhere and won. I really like that. America voted for a very unpresidential president and that's what they got.YupNope.I'm a trump supporter and I always found those accusations against Obama laughable. Don't paint us all with the same brush.Is Hilary in jail? So there is no concrete evidence, glad we are on the same page.Well if that happens I'll be happy he's in prison. Innocent until proven guilty. Someone could write a story about you and everyone could believe it when it's not true? If you can present me with some concrete evidence of wrong doing that would be great. You sound just like those people who consistently claimed Obama wasn't born in the US or that he was a Muslim. The only people who have claimed the president colluded with Russia is the media. The CIA and FBI have admitted there is no concrete evidence. Nope. But let's be honest, if there was real evidence he was a traitor, he'd be in prison.Literally the accusations have been constant but always followed by ' no concrete evidence' 

There is as much evidence of trump colluding with Russia as there is of this wiretapping. Show me some real evidence of Russian collusion and I'll happily denounce Donald trump. Well there's no evidence he colluded with Russia but you all seem pretty sure that's true? ENGLANDFirstly Obama  attitude to Russia made no difference to their actions. 

Also trump has said he would not lift sanctions on Russia while Crimea is occupied. Russia have said they will not leave Crimea. So while trump has said he wants warmer relations, he isn't taking a soft approach to Russian aggression.

I mean if it's possible to find some common ground on things with Russia, isn't that a good thing? It could lead to greater cooperation on issues like Ukraine? Damn I think if there was concrete evidence he colluded with Russia to win the election the republicans would impeach him.

EDIT : spellingI think if the FBI CIA and NSA combined cannot get something to stick then he is innocent. If they had something on trump he'd be impeached by now.So basically he's making it easier for the big companies to dominate the market? I'm on the fence about this. I don't like women feeling uncomfortable with men in the bathroom but also I don't like forcing ppl to use a bathroom they feel they belong in.I think it's fair to say they rape and torture everyone.True but that applies to everyone, including Muslims who try to preach violence. Atleast the media here aren't actively covering up crimes ( or atleast not that I know of).o7 heroEngland here, we're doing ok :) brexit ahoy!Yeah but the system is working, the ban for example was stopped in the courts.

TBH I do find his attitude to the media annoying, I wish he would stop poking back.

But painting as some sort of far right dictator? Bit silly tbh. 

I suppose fox etc were very aggressive towards Obama with the birth certificate nonsense and there were many right wingers who didn't stop going on about how was a Muslim etc. I suppose we are just seeing the other side of the coin now. Really do dictators get their policies shot down in court? Or their phone calls investigate (and cleared ) by intelligence agencies?

Sensationalism much? Ermagad trump the evil dictator, acting with in law but I'm so so scared🤔If he makes a move on the media I'll be worried. All he's doing is tweeting , chill the fuck out. Welcome sister Trump supporter here, I lol'dHope they get raped in prisonThis made me lolYes everyone with opposing political views to you are illogical idiots. I'm sure the Clinton news network will continue to a prime example of expert journalism. 
Poor old Elon, mans a legend. Wish I could give him a big hug.CNN LOL

http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/07/politics/political-prediction-market-hillary-clinton-donald-trump/We'll see!Pretty sure if the FBI / CIA / NSA can't find any evidence if him committing a crime then no one else can.He's in trouble if they find something that sticks, otherwise nothing anyone can do about it! Admit it - you got the president you deserve. The DNC was so corrupt it ran with such a terrible candidate that donald trump won. 

Admit it - 50% of america love him and want him to stay.

Admit it - if there was any evidence he's acted illegally he'd be impeached by now.

He's gonna be president for the next 4 years, get use to it. That is my thinking, if there was collusion surely make it secret? Otherwise it is of no use? Unless they just want to undermine the system as a whole. If it did turn out trump did collude to hack the elections, it would be v embarassing for the US. It's funny, I think you are on thr wrong side of history! No hostility though, we all have different opinions. I'm a trump fan but I found it pretty funny tbh. Im male and totally agree with you. I see stuff on the news about the grooming gangs in the uk, the rape, persecution and often execution of women around the world and it baffles me. How can half the world be treated like this? It's really worrying. Yes keeping posting pictures while people are afraid to go at night. Good job Sweden.Trust in refugees and economic migrants instead. It's worked so well so far.we should start a memeology course. :( I tried really hard Thanks :)Thank you kind sirYes mate !Oh man what a headache, tanks for the tip tho Windows privilege I acually use the free hand cutting tool, but it still pasted it as a box. Really microsoft? This the best you can do? I also think Milo will soon meet the President. Their shaking of hands will be the biggest collective triggering known to mankind. I can confirm it was a paint. I could not wait to download and crack photoshop.Best. President. Ever.What you mean like hanging people? Forcing homosexuals to get sex change? That sort of medieval?Would you really expect any other response from Rick and morty?I'm a trump supporter but i dont think the guy should have even mentioned the crowds, the whole thing seems totally unnecessary to me. I didn't vote nore do live in US, but I do think trump is still the better candidate. I don't like some of his tweets. But he is alresdy delivering on jobs she deutchebank reckon he will double growth by 2018, he's not in office yet!

As for the allegations in the dossier, I'll believe when I see proof. Like the whole Obama is a Muslim and wasn't born in the US allegations. We'd have proof by now if that was the case. The grab em by the pussy video leaked.

If there was evidence of trump doing anything with hookers, it would be in the public domain by now. 


EDIT spelling
WutIf they had something real on him, he won't be president. Repeal and REPLACE Spot on, I've lost count of the amount of times I've taught my mum how to copy and pasteScarey stuff. Atleast you didn't get shot. Maybe meet on neutral ground next time? Yeah sounds like you are arching your back. Your body should be rigid, you should tense your legs and abs through out the lift. There are many videos on YouTube about form. I think what people don't realise is on low doses you don't really trip you just get high. Probably the most I ever tripped was on shrooms though.

When I was 16 there was a legal loophole in the UK which meant only dried mushrooms were illegal. There was this stall in Camden called 'wrong shop' and they sold shrooms. We'd go up there and get atlesst one box of 750g of fresh mushrooms. Go back to our home town, we'd all meet in some woods and start chomping away.

By the night time we'd all eaten some a lot of shrooms and I was tripping pretty hard.

The night sky had become a sort of people colour and the lines appeared like sea weed like we were under water. Upon closer inspection of the trees the leaves were spinning ok point, and the branched were moving around. Eventually they formed this sorted of moving square pattern, whehre the branches were kind of flowing. It looked like a game of snakes and the snake was slowing going around I a square pattern.

Peoples faces also morphed a lot. Their eye sockets looked a lot bigger and foreheads would sort of bulge outwards.

Everything was slick very funny. We spent the night laughing and talking about stuff. What is it with people and raping children!?Show me some evidence CIA. Also where's the investigation and moral outrage for what was actually in the e-mails?NICEWhere's the evidence? I'm a dog walker and often do daycare and boarding too. I insist on picking up and dropping off where ever possible because people are ALWAYS late.Kind of concerns me the government is more interested in how these e-mails were acquired than their content. 

If the e-mails hadn't of revealed any wrong doing then they wouldn't have had an impact on the election. 

I do agree with investigating wether a foreign power attempted or did infact influence the election. But I do also think it's very important to assess if Hilary and/or the DNC commited election fraud. Suppose to pump the brakes no?Much biglyMemes are a CIA project, everyone knows that.But what about the gelgemecs?!MaryA question for you Americans - are incidents like these and other acts of violence and criminal damage during riots such as those in Ferguson ever prosecuted? 

I often see these videos but never learn if anything comes of it. Cunt featuresCivilzaton - do a better job than him every time I play.I had America ask me to join a war, then hated me for being a war mongerer. Didn't take any cities :(WW2 COD was best cod They'll get hacked and the coins will get stolenI agree with everything you have said but the government could do more. I think they have pandered to Muslim community's out of fear of being called racist or appearing politically incorrect. 

The seniors won't change their ways of their own accord, where ever possible we need to push British values and uphold the law when it is broken. 

I agree about the polish, they are very hard working and I think they will intergrate too. There is a solution. Zero tolerance. You can practice your religion up to the point where it clashes with British values / law.

In the case of this school it should be shut and the operators prosecuted.Any time the police or the government  try to tackle stuff like this people scream 'racists!' And they back right off. For a long time having an opinion that was anti immigration you were immediately called a racist. 

This has some what started to change now, but we still have a long way to go.

It seems to stem from a far left ideology that we can all be friends, the borders can  be open, everyone's welcome. Even if you hate British values and are openly racist. You guys have been saying it wrong for ages now. 