[But apparently you can take them to the parking garage!](http://miami.cbslocal.com/video/3577891-octopus-in-miami-beach-parking-garage/)And now they have a confession! Prepare to be deported you horrible criminal!Well, your brother is a party/event organizer, I'm not sure what that's like in Australia, but in the US it's generally accepted that there's gonna be a lot of drugs around people that do that sort of thing. This view is changing, but it's still possible he's just not comfortable around police because of his job. Maybe the cop busted one of his parties or something? I'm not sure, but I wouldn't worry too much about it.Was it just me, or was this episode an amazing introduction for newcomers into the world of Doctor Who? It answered pretty much all the usual questions and still kept things moving at the usual pace, I really enjoyed it, and I really enjoyed the new companion more than I thought I would!!!I wonder if she ever gets jealous?How often this question gets posted, apparently.So apparently this happened a long time ago, but if you're like me and it takes a while to learn a lesson. If you made it as far as sending the message, go big or go home. Don't back out, don't give them an option to think it was a joke or something so that they can ignore it, just get a yes or no. You'll sleep much better at night and they won't be laughing years later!I've been getting the error messages a lot more, recently. Are they having server issues or something?They call him [Drizzt](https://www.goodreads.com/series/49134-the-legend-of-drizzt)Oh... that's why raptor gifs are always slowed down...What? Who said I was crazy?! Not so much, they have specialized vehicles that travel in front these days that are basically rolling mine detectors/GPR. Check out the Husky for more info, it was by far my favorite vehicle!First time seeing this. How have I missed this level of stupidity for 2 years?!?! I'm not sure on the entire physics of the whole thing, but very low air pressure ~8-9 psi, and very soft rubber allows it to roll over things and spread its weight across a much wider surface instead of concentrating it at the lowest point of the tire.Possibly the original tire designs, but I should've been clearer, I apologize. That's an MRAP (though I can't tell what kind as the grill isn't familiar to me, but my money is on RG-33) a vehicle made in South Africa for the US military and others, I'm assuming this one is in the "others" category due to some minor cosmetic differences. This tire is possibly based on the design that you pointed out, I don't really have any knowledge of that, but those are definitely anti-mine tires created for the military.He's fine, they're tires designed to put as little pressure on the ground as possible so that they don't set off AT mines, I've personally never been brave enough to go this far to test them, but I've had my foot ran over a few times, you literally feel nothing but a bit of pressure and stuck.Mostly correct, but I'd like to add that they're not meant for driving over wet ground or snow, though they work great for both. They were originally designed so that military vehicles could drive over pressure sensitive anti-tank mines without setting them off.

Source: Combat Engineer veteranAre you gonna release a CD already???Dude.. how shitty is this girl that you won't put up with her dog? You sure you wanna marry her?Wtf? Why is this even a question??? It takes two people to have a relationship, if one doesn't wanna be there, then they need to leave. Putting it off only makes things worse.She does have the right to live her life how she wants, you also have the right to live your life without her in it. She wants him, not you, I'd move on.[These work great because you can buy more weights to add to them](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Gold-s-Gym-40-lb-Adjustable-Dumbbell-Set/21672511) and as for how to store them, there are storage compartments under the bunk that I put them in when I'm not using them, just in case of a wreck I don't get smashed in the face or something, been through that a few times already, lol.Hit the eject button. Don't stop hitting it until you're far, far away.I would fucking love it if they'd throw this in before he quit doing cameosI use them to keep in shape while I'm on the road (I'm a truck driver), they work pretty well, though I need more weights. I like them because you can use them for all the major muscle groups (i.e. squats for legs, press/butterfly for chest (especially butterfly), curls for arms, lifts for shoulders, rows for back, and hold them on your chest and do sit ups for abs)In my personal experience, I see the best results with dumbbellsThank you for explaining it better than I could!!!You're ok with them recording your brainwaves for marketing data?My first thought: I want this so bad!!!

After I read your comment: Yeah... that'll be the first thing they do with it. Fuck.

This is why we can't have anything nice =/Well, my group and I have Tuesdays set as our story game, and any other day of the week that people want to pop onto Roll20 to play a pickup game to test out maybe a different class than their story character, or just their story character in general, they just send me a text and I jump on to throw some random, horribly thrown together dungeon crawl. It sucks, it's not nearly as fun as a real story, but if you're just looking to get a basic learning of how things work and stuff, feel free to drop me a line and I can add you to the pick up game so you can get some experience in! I'm not available all of the time, but it's usually not too hard for me to find a couple of hours out of the day for playtime, usually ~5/6-8 central. Could be adjusted to fit your schedule on some days of the week though!Actually got a real laugh out of me, first time in almost a week that I've laughed, thanks for this, you have no idea how badly I needed it!try /r/2meirl4meirl! I realize this is /r/wholesomememes, so before you ban me for linking this, please realize that everyone needs a place to vent sometimes and it's best to do so in an environment that won't judge you, just trying to help someone out!/r/TrueOffMyChest ftw, the /r/offmychest mods are off their rocker these days. But, since this is wholesomememes, I hope that one day they see the error of their ways and take the sub back to its glory days.Totally doing this for my nephew next time I babysit! Seems like a great way to tire them out before bed!"There's always a bigger ~~fish~~ squid.">I like the tail at the end, like a furry periscope keeping an eye out for ~~pot intruders~~ Link

FTFYKittens?Haha, yeah, I just wear T-shirts and jeans in Dallas to avoid looking like those high school jackasses. At 28 you'd think people would know I'm too old for that crap but apparently not.Meanwhile I can barely pull myself up a tree. Leopards are crazy strongAt Big Bend National Park this happens often enough, for whatever reason, that they have a sign that says if you drive off with the hose still attached an extra $80 will be charged to you. So I guess on the bright side it's cheaper than what you would think!I have a 7600k, small overclock to 4.2, it still runs about 80 so I doubt you have much to worry about!Because those companies likely lobbied against specifically that, stating they should be able to use the data provided by their products, etc, etc.Come to the panhandle...Still amazes me how different Texas can be in different places, I'm in the panhandle and everyone wears them around here, although I'd say go with Resistol as they're higher quality IMO.That groan at the end made the entire video worth it.Don't forget condoms.You make a good point. Guess I've been on reddit a bit too long and just assume anyone that does this stuff only does it for the karma.Just leave. He won't change, you can't fix him, don't try. Just leave.TIL super-cold steam is a thing, wow!If you're a vet, yes. If you're a civilian, most don't realize we're still there in my experience.Sad when people have to resort to verification pics on a weight loss sub, but apparently this is what it's come to.I get what you're saying after reading some of your clarifying comments, but this post is absolutely horrible, you really need to clean it up and be more specific about who and what you're talking about, for example, change "evangelicals" to "activists" or something. The insults mean absolutely nothing if no one even knows who you're trying to insult, and to be honest even after reading your post, it was written in such a way that I wasn't sure which side of the argument you were on.That was a really fun read, I hope you fuck up more in the future so we can hear more from you!>https://en.wikipedia...

TRIGGE....

>.jpg

Oh, ok!Awesome, I'll give it a try, thanks!A bit late, but first time I heard of it was on futurama, I think the one where Lela becomes a pitcher?Yeah, I felt right at home in SK, that was pretty nice!Haha, I'd love to! Actually in my top 5 countries to visit!As someone 5'7", this. It's rare that I see someone shorter than me, and when I do I'm definitely not going to bring up height or anything, but inside nothing makes me happier.While I'm not saying that you're wrong, and I completely agree with you about how to fix the problem, responding to violence by watching everyone you know get gunned down doesn't work either.As far as what to tell the cops, get the company the driver works for, and either the truck or trailer number, or just trailer license plate if you don't feel safe getting too close.Lol!!! My bad! Didn't know your username!Boredom2389, trucker that's always looking for new recipes!!boredom2389, I don't really post much but I can hold a conversation and looking to make new friends (and no worries, clean chat only).Assuming this is talking about Chatham, GA, and I'm not one bit surprised.Hobbits are a lot bigger than I thought I mean, I don't like that it was removed, but it did violate a rule right there on the sidebar, don't think this was a conspiracy or anything, lol.Because no one looks for this one until they post in offmychest and inevitably get banned for one reason or another, or no reason at all. But yes, I agree, we need a sticky that just says: Yes, we know offmychest sucks.I'd say 1/10. Got absolutely no feedback, or even a comment, just downvotes (which are apparently not allowed now?). Like any picture themed sub, it's dominated by women and/or 8-10/10 men, and if you're not in that category you shouldn't even bother. That being said, I don't see this as anything that a mod could do to fix (although removing downvotes is nice), it's just human nature. Personally, I've had much better luck on /r/amiugly and the only reason I stay subscribed here is the hopes that one day I might post again when I get more comfortable and get some feedback from a somewhat different audience.

Edit: Got a bit of hate mail (of course), so let me be clear: we were asked to rate our **personal** experience, which I did, along with my reasoning behind it. I didn't say there were shitty mods, in fact, I don't blame the mods at all because, as I stated, I don't think this problem is one that mods can fix. I also didn't curse, nor did I say anything that wasn't true of my experience on the sub, nor unneccessarily bash the sub or anyone on it. I only gave my experience. Yes, I did name another sub, not because I support it, but because I actually got the results there that I originally posted here for, if you take offense to someone mentioning another sub, idk what to tell you, it's Reddit, it's what happens. Ok, I think I covered everything, so, with all this said: I hope that your experience is different from mine, and I hope my next experience will be different from the first, but really, I could care less if you don't agree with my review, but there's no need to PM me about it.Never saw the old ones, they did creepy right in the old days.Wow, so the mods have stopped trying now, huh?Agreed, people these days think protesting means they can do whatever they want, it's a bit disturbing really...With the motors in them, it's literally impossible to get forward moment high enough to "launch" it out of the tray while still having enough rotation for something that thick and dull to cut anything without shattering the disc, when might suck, but the fragments wouldn't have made it out of the tray, so it would've been completely harmless except to your wallet.

Here's the "why it didn't happen" in case you needed more of an answer besides "it didn't".Damn, beat me to it, first thing I thought of when I read the article!First thing that came to my mind as well!Just got back from Big Bend on the 21st of last month! Did the OML and really wish I had a decent camera to capture the beauty. Sadly, all I have is crappy iPhone 6s+ pics :(You're in Houston? Check out Big Thicket!!! It's a *lot* closer than Big Bend. It doesn't have the same horizons, but it's still a beautiful place!Disclaimer: I definitely have a thing for natural redheads.

Yeah, easily an 8 or 9/10, you have nothing to worry about. Good luck to you!Not sure of any dance classes, but you'd be surprised at how many people would be willing to teach you at rodeo, that's where I learned! Actually one of the funniest times I've had, when word got around that I was trying to learn I actually had women asking me to dance so they could help out, first and last time in my life that's ever happened, lol!>premium "export quality" beef


Um... has anyone ever seen the exports of any country? The VAST majority of the time, it's complete shit. I remember getting some exported Marlboro's once and damn near gagged, the same with multiple beer brands. Can't say whether or not I've had "export quality" food before, but I can say I don't wanna try it.Wtf :( I come here to be happy and get hit right in the feels :/Thank God someone actually said something, thought it was just me.I'm in the same boat as /u/Genocide_Me_Captain, and I can definitely confirm this, basic training showers were hell.That was a beautiful read, definitely in my top 10 favorite comments on Reddit, saving this, great work!!!Yeah, turning off the directwrite fixes the invisible menus!Weird, I definitely had to, otherwise there was no text for me, which version did you use? I used Mint 18.1 MATENot officially, but it works, if you can manage your way through the menus to turn off DirectWrite.For me, personally, it's the bandwidth hogging store page. Even when minimized and not active, even during gameplay, the store page still uses up quite a bit of bandwidth, though I'd have to check again to see exactly how much. Admittedly, this isn't a big issue for most people, but I'm a truck driver and the only reliable internet I have is my 4G hotspot, so if I'm playing say, Archeage, I need all the bandwidth I can get but a lot of that is going to a store page I don't plan on looking at for the day, most certainly not during gameplay.Lol, trust me, I know what a steer is, but without seeing the other legs or a lower shot from this angle, I don't feel comfortable making the callIt is in the US as well, most people just don't know the laws.Cows can respond to their names, much like dogs, and can get depressed if kept away from their herds!Lol, you should go see a real longhorn sometime, you will be massively impressed!What? You'd rather eat something that didn't want to be eaten?Well, I mean, without seeing the other end, there's really no way to tell if it's a steer or notI grey up on a ranch, this was my guess too.That bull definitely is likely for breeding and not just for food or show. He definitely get brushed fairly often, and there doesn't appear to be any dirt in his horns or hooves either, which makes me think he's either for breeding (people want them clean in case they bring others by that may want their cows to breed with him), or possibly just a steer that turned into a family pet, though if that's the case somebody is taking some damn good care of him.Holy hell, you need a change of scenery!!! You look gorgeous! If people are treating you this way because of your skin color, you need to go somewhere else, damn near anywhere else, because you (and everyone else on the planet) deserve better. Keep your head up, you'll be fine :)It was flirty, not cringeworthy. Can't really tell if she's into you or not from that reply, but at least you didn't try to go back it and just rolled with the punches, cringeworthy would've been trying to take it back or act like it was a mistake. She knows you like her now, just ask her out and see what happens!I'd say yeah! You look good together!Truck driver here, thanks for making my life easier> Cystosoma Pellucida

Wait wtf you're telling me these things are fucking real???? Not gonna lie, I honestly thought/hoped/prayed it was fake.