Fair enough.Yeah I'm on ep2. Gonna wait and see. Been a while since I read the book.Umm who is Jeff? He doesn't come in the book.

EDIT: spelling.Man his sketches have me cracking up every time fr> citing the sexually explicit content and misogyny as the culprit

But I thought that was the point of the book...? That's just crazy frGot BBC but its not political enough. I'll give Reuters a try though.Ooh I'll be sure to check it. That's true. Though sometimes I just want up to date headlines on an app. I'll have a look into it nonetheless.Anyone know of any UK based political apps? I'm kind of a political junkie and from what I seem to find all the apps tend to be US based. Thanks!Had it Since it came out. Had one problem as it was bootloading but had great support from google. Worked ever since.Ah okay. Thanks nonetheless. Now time to Google some customisation tutorials :)Is that for both? And do you know of the PDF reader would come with mint? Thanks.These sites a cool! Thank you!I remember a guy got it taken off him when it brought it into school and shot it in the air. There was a paper released on how delayed gratification wasn't actually that beneficial. I'm not site when it was released (~2015/16). Tried Google but couldn't find it. Do you guys know of it?She was suggested to me by my parents. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯I have that kinda distaste for Amber Rudd instead. She is the home secretary going on live TV talking about security experts who know the "necessary hashtags".>They also started a petition to have them declared a terrorist group.

Because stopping hatred and creating wellness for self and others is exactly what a terrorist would do. ^/sSeeing an Al-Jazeera logo in the bottom left. Did this actually sure on that channel? Bit surprised. Though I his that's the point.Can you message me when you get a rough idea please? Thanks.Incl. shipping? I'm in the UK?No I know what you mean. The best way to explain to the working class people is how we need the best deals (trade, security, etc), so things aren't worse of. 

I try to explain by way of how much things are going to cost (whether that's initially or not). Things like tea, biscuits, nappies etc. Doesn't always work but some people really do get engaged and follow the politicking.I feel different. I think we must talk about Article 50 and Brexit especially since we just signed it. Well May signed it.Yeah I know. Sucks.I would say y'all gotta fix up over there but we just signed article 50 for Brexit.Reading these comments got me like "tf is an antifa?"

EDIT: also, what even is this? What's going on over there?Either blue, black, or yellow. What's you're pricing etc?Either blue, black, or yellow. What's you're pricing etc?😂😂😂 fuck it, have an upvoteIf you sell this and others, I will buy.Welcome. Enjoy!Yes, Apple will gladly help. It's not like they value their users' privacy or anything.  ^/s 

That's the thing with this country, nobody cares about privacy or encryption. There a whole load of, "Well I don't have anything to hide so I don't care" rhetoric here.> Did you just slap her?

>> Haha, yeah!You know what I liked? When Billy comes back to life, and they finally all morph and walk over the hill ready for battle. Eek! Gave me goosebumpsYes, real annoying. Especially when I'm walking home and aren't free to check what's up.Well...yeah. *Obviously*. There were so many of us who watched Power Rangers as kids. And there have been many attempts to further the franchise. Many of which disappointed here and there (some of the later TV shows did fall in some aspects, in hindsight). 

I watched this movie yesterday. I finally had a day off work and went alone. I was immensely blown away. Literally had me on the edge of my seat. I walked out of that film feeling like I was like 10 years old again (Power Rangers Wild Force era). I'm contemplating going again.

I've seen shows since I was 10 and later watched those that came before. We want good for the franchise and I genuinely believe that we finally got it with this latest film.. So of course we're going to boost the numbers. We grew up with them. "I know."But [Moxie](https://whispersystems.org/blog/there-is-no-whatsapp-backdoor/) (creator of Open Whisper Systems used by whatsApp), confirmed that there isn't a backdoor?Because another company offering the exact same thing wil NOT pop-up if they manage to convince WhatsApp. Nope, won't happen. ^/sWill do.Yeah I'm going to. Feel like I can make a better decision. I'd probably buy it outright but you're still correct nonetheless.That's actually a good point. Never thought of it like that. I'll put the purchase on hold.So $65 just for an initial check up/diagnosis. Daamn! Really puts things into perspective. So grateful for the NHS. I mean if I was there and just went to get an opinion on, say my weight for example, there'd be no telling what I'd have to pay. I know a few family members that like the Pixel and want it, so I don't have a problem giving it to them. I'm just trying to be a little but more proactive in terms of security and privacy, so naturally Apple is who I looked to, in terms of  my phone. Thanks for the advice.Thanks for the advice. My birthday is in the fall so I could wait though I upgrade usually every two years. However, that is due to the fact that I'm on android. Is it safer, in terms of security, to upgrade every year if I'm going to be an iPhone user?> I bought GTA V just to play tennisYou do not need to pay for aorist. Listening to add is worth saving the moneyRemindMe! 8 days "White Teeth read"So from what I understand, you get charged for just turning up and talking to your doctor about something? Umm, what? ELI5 anyone?No worries.My username is my reddit name. Please add me. I'm up for or!Nah I love it apart from that.Yeah, dropping it is wise.>"He rapes, but he saves." Bill Cosby the superhero.

Man I loved that joke though. Right at the end to finish his set. Missed him on TV.>     Shining eyes Athena used to sing to me.

Umm, who's shining eyes Athena? 


Try,

> *Shining Eyes*, Athena used to sing to me.

Or even better imo,

> Athena used to sing to me

> *Shining Eyes*.

I need help on this too. I do a few correct and then things go wrong for some strange reason. Thanks!Because killing a cop was a no-no. It wasn't acceptable. Because he killed the officer the other families were affected in terms of what they could and couldn't do. Michael was to blame and so had to go or be killed.Any links to your preferred ones. Thanks :)Anybody know of a good keyboard app? I quite like the swipe feature of the stock Google keyboard but it does result in a lot of typos and spelling errors. 

I'd ideally like one that builds up an accurate dictionary over time thus minimising the problem. Thanks guys.RemindMe 12 hoursI'll link it and message when I've done it.Yorkshire, England.I'm game.


Yes. Apple and Google's​ CEOs were pictured together last week.This better be in the UK too.This is great! Thanks!Does anyone know of a really good clock app? The stock one looks it's place on my setup :/Fair enough. Thanks.What?Who tf is Khalid?Yeah that's a gut wrenching moment.If you like a book or an author, then you like him. I don't know why people go bat shit crazy when others say they like book X or author Y. Just do you.

For example, I'm a young Muslim guy who thinks Maya Banks is good. Her writing is intriguing to me. Nobody can tell me I'm setting for that, per se.Do you guys know of any really really *really* good calendar apps?

It must be able to:

* Sync with my Google and hotmail

* Sync with the Islamic calendar (or have the option to add one)

* Have really good widgets (need to be able to transparent)

* Have colourful (events/reminders most be in colour too)

* Have a dark theme

***
Thanks guys!>No safety concerns in the UK.

Lol have you been to Leeds Rd on a Friday night?Can anyone do an ELI5 on this for me, please? Thanks.I get notified when people are posting for views and take them off. However, I'm willing to add that rule in the sugar starting next season.Well put :)That's quite that math you have lol

I'm happy with that if others will be for the reading.I think 150 a week will tax people a bit. I think the first chapter for the first week would be okay since it's quite short. I'll certainly think of the plan. 

And at least you're trying to keep it active so that's a good thing :)Yeah I don't mind making a post. Just need to work out deadlines/discussions etc. 

And reading to the darkness? Sorry I'm confused lolSometimes I see people with an iPhone who tell me they've downloaded an app to protect their phone. Makes me cry and I'm not even an iPhone user. Dammit Dorothy you don't need no freaking app!True but I prefer if the was a read asking. If not, then I can read on my own time. Thanks for the recommendation. I really wanted to start with TS first though. I do think it'll help me finally finish it lolI'm out of the loop on this. What happened? Given just this context those booing are dickwipes. What's the TL;DR?Wait for two years. You gotta be 18 until you get a credit card. You want a property? Great; stay in school, eductae yourself, and work towards getting a job that pays well.I want to start to pick up *The Silmarillion* and *Infinite Jest* again this year. I want to start with TS but I think it'd be helpful to have a read along thread. But I see so so soooo many couples fighting nearly every damn day. What's up with that?Well it goes like this:

* Ether

* Hit 'em Up

* Mama Said Knock You Out

* ShETHER

* Takeover

* Nail In The CoffinIf he returns then these fake ass MCs gotta run for the damn hills!Don't be lying to me son. I'm a lowkey DMX StanBeen told this is on YouTube. I need to find that shit fr.True. The one below is a really good one. 

 >You animated like Nickelodeon you fake bitch

>Only the kids believe in you, you St Nick

Like daaamn. Nicki gotta start working on a diss fr. What happened with Swizz?What was the jail tweet that Nicki took back in '09 though? 

And Remy went in on her. No holds barred. Daaamn. One of my favorite lines gotta be:

     How you take my ’09 jail tweet and run

     Talkin ‘bout bringing knives to a fight with guns

     When the only shot you ever took was in your bunsYep, Amazon will do that. They'll send you emails based on your searches almost all the time if you're logged in. Search for items without signing in to avoid it.I'll inbox you if I see something I like . Thanks :)It's okay. Might just do a post for others to suggest any of they know if some.