I don't get it. At what point do they understand that this is what terorrists want. Kill 0.0001 percent of the population and then spread fear. Stop making laws that affect everyone in a negative way. Instead start making politically unstable countries stable again. I know that that is very hard. But its the only right way to fight terrorism.People should stop saying the dutch government has balls. Our government only stopped the ministers because wilders would otherwise get more support and our pm doesnt want that. Our election is in like 3 days. If that wasnt the case Rutte, our pm, would let everyone in.im actually laughing so hard right nowF1todayI am dutch and I am in my last year of high school. I have learned german for 5 years and still can barely do a conversation in German. Those 42 percent of pupils probably only 5 percent can actually speak decent german. Sorry Germans. I'm more prepared to die for this flag than the flag of my own nation.  Is that weird?I personally like tiny scars because they don't look that bad and it lets you remember some moment in your life. But for people with really big scars this is great.Good point.It could be possible but I just do not think they are going to have two force sensitives in the same movie. Because Finn would then have to get through the same type of storyline as Rey and that is not very fun to watch.WOW, i did not know that. Where did you get that information.Yeah probably, but maybe all those things happened when she was even younger. You can only see her actual age in the jaku flashback. The other flashbacks are without the young Rey version there.  (or maybe she wasn't even there she just can remember the moments via the force) (I'm just rambling sorry)No Mercedes I would sack him. He tried to win the WDC that is unacceptable!You know they probably will be gone in 50 years.I take this one. For obvious reasons.
http://imgur.com/a/fbqqpbut last time I checked Rosberg is world champion because he got the most points. It's a mechanical sport, get over it.Seriously the only not shocking replacement of Rosberg would be Alonso. All the other drivers would be shocking because of: 

-leaving a big team
-little experience to drive the best car on the gridIf not Ocon or Wehrlein. Then Alonso or Verstappen.I was thinking the same thing. Unless red bull has a better car than Mercedes.If Mercedes decide not to promote Wherlein or Ocon. They will try to get one of two people: Alonso or Verstappen.
Alonso, because he is at least as good as Hamilton.
Verstappen, high potential and has a huge fan base.What. The. Fuck.Will you please leave this sub?Okay what are you guys talking about he isnt president yet right? Non American here.thejezzzeI am a Verstappen fan and I just want to say do we really want him to stop doing these moves. When I see him doing these moves I think it is amazing. It makes the race way better. Of course, there is a risk that the other driver fails to react but isn't that part of the sport. I know the blocking he did at spa wasn't right but I like his defending style. That is all I wanted to say.In Belgium south-east is poorer and in germany east is poorer. So both not in north.Can I just say how shit the commentators were this race. 

I know this was a hectic race but it's their job to understand what is going on. They should at least don't say the wrong things because that makes the viewer confused. 

The commentators just completely didn't notice the pit strategy that was going on during the safety car period. They eventually were surprised that di Grassi was in P2 with enough energy because they hadn't noticed that di grassi had made an amazing strategy move. 

This was all just very frustrating to listen to.I'm hungary, lets get turkey.I think because  you cant go full power mode like in quali. You have to save fuel.It is posted by somebody else.
Link:https://gfycat.com/CarefreeCreamyFirebelliedtoadThank you very much! I donated and hope you will do this every race weekend.Thanks!, I agree totally agree with you. The reincarnation thing was stupid. My goal was that the name skywalker is a special name in the star wars universe. So it would be cool if there was some old legend about a Jedi named skywalker. Anakin would then be some sort of offspring of that old legend and that's how he got his surname. But thanks for the feedback.I changed itOh shit I just realised it. I'm now editing it with paragraphs. Sorry.If Luke is the father he will probably be connected to most of those questions. So unless he isn't, all the question will be immediately answered right away, because she will probably ask them right awayWell, that is not true because there are many questions that Rey probably is going to ask right away. She could be his former padawan.Yeah, but for example: did you really care about the mother in the original trilogy. It would not be that important who the mother is because she can never be better than Luke. If Luke is not the father then it would be interesting.From good to bad:
5,7,4,6 then a small gap 3 than a huge gap 2,1I understand but Chewbacca fits the best with this one.
Bespin - Lando and one of the bounty hunters.
Death Star - Obi-Wan(maybe) and Moff Tarkin (I know Tarkin is weird one but he could be a guy with an army of AI stormtroopers).
The last one we know nothing about.1. Oscar Isaac was great!
2. JJ Abrams said that Poe originally was going to die in Episode VII but they changed that. That's why he suddenly just appears out of nowhere later on in the movie. I hope they will do more with him later on.
3. No. Rey will be for sure and maybe Finn too. So I don't think Poe will also be wielding a saber.
4. A kick-ass pilot.
5. Yes and I think he got trained to resist it, he even says it in the movie.
6. Luke, since Poe's mom had a good relation with Luke.(They had adventures together in the comics)There is only one finalizer. So why are there two?It may be nothing, but it's odd.Okay, I think they just remade this scene for the trailer all the other stuff that gets recorded their does have a time gap between Episode 7 and 8.Thank you! and no it is not yet finished, I will add some stuff later on. Kylo Ren.Thank you very much! I agree that Rey is too powerful to be a kid from some random couple but I just don't like the idea of her being a Skywalker. It would be too obvious and cheap. She could be a Kenobi but it would be a bit weird if Kenobi had kids. But thanks for the feedback. I'm continuing writing the story. I will edit it in 10 minutes but I just need to look at grammar for a bit. I will stick with my Original Idea of Reys origins for now but I will change it later.Thanks! do you have any extra ideas.Memories of the Force
, because I think Rey will try to get her memories back (if she is mindwiped).I Liked te one where they introduced Rex and the one they introduced Leia but that were the only good ones for me.This episode was actually very good, at least a lot better than the last one. In my opnion.I agree but the episode with Leia was in my opnion the best episode together with the Episode of Rex. So introducing charachters does work, but then they dont know what to do later.Yes but the episodes still need to be interestingI agree but I found the episode still way too boring it was just too predictable.Ok ill remove the post just me being stupidOkI know but at least its something. I could be true but she has to be trained in the past because otherwise it would make no sense she can do jedi-mindtricks.When all padawans got killed Rey was not found (because someone helped her escape) then when Kylo Ren hears about some girl escaping with BB-8. He screams "what girl" what is a weard reaction when it is just some random girl.You also see all the bodies around themPicture of the Jedi Temple that Knight of Ren attacked: With marking: http://imgur.com/IAhYrNJ Original Image: http://imgur.com/Gs7ulYMPicture of the Jedi Temple that Knight of Ren attacked: With marking: http://imgur.com/IAhYrNJ Original Image: http://imgur.com/Gs7ulYMPicture of the Jedi Temple that Knight of Ren attacked:
With marking: http://imgur.com/IAhYrNJ Original Image: http://imgur.com/Gs7ulYMI think it was Kylo Ren because he wanted to protect her. So he brought her on Jakku to hide her there. When one of his men says that a girl escaped with bb8. He replies "WHAT GIRL?" because he knows it is her. In the movie novel also states that during the fighting scene when Rey force grabs the lightsaber he knows it is the girl he left on Jakku because he thinks "it is her". Still its just a theory and i dont know his motive.I've watched the scene where Rey finds Luke's lightsaber multiple times and now I think I know some more.

A Summary shot by shot:
A sound of a Lightsaber igniting. (maybe Darth Vaders lightsaber because his breathing follows)
Darth Vader breathing. (which references to that this Lightsaber was once his. (when he was Anakin))
Then Rey is in some sort of hall. It looks like a hall inside a ship or a space station. It is a first order/empire type of hall. (I think this is the ship that you see leaving Rey behind later in this scene)

You hear voices (I have no idea from whom)
You also hear Luke screaming Nooo! This from scene where he finds out he is the son of Darth Vader (this maybe references to that this Lightsaber was once his or it references to her finding out the truth like Luke did)
Then you see her be in the same place where Luke puts his hand on R2D2 (this maybe could be Jakku because it is sandy but I dont think so because it is raining. Also there is a fire what could be a funeral
because in all star wars movies funerals are held like this. I only have no idea who has died here. R2D2 seems to be upset because he gets comforted by Luke)
Im almost 100% sure that this is luke under that robe because he has the exact same hand as him at the end of episode 7
You hear a little girl screaming "come back!" (This is Rey when she got left on Jakku)

Now the interessting part: Rey lays on the ground and it starts to rain heavily, you see a man that looks like one of the knights of ren. (I think he is one of the knight of ren because he has the same sort of armor as the Knights) 
The Knight has a stick and it looks like he tries to hit Rey, but he gets killed by Kylo Ren (I presume its Kylo Ren because it is a red lightsaber)
I think Kylo Ren saved Rey for some reason (I dont know why), I think Kylo gave orders to the Knights to kill every padawan, and when one Knight tried to kill Rey, Kylo killed him because he didnt want that to happen for some reason

In all these memories Rey is herself as she is in the full movie. I think she had this experiences when she was little not when she was an adult.

Rey stands up and looks ahead and sees Kylo Ren with his Knights of Ren. Around them you see a lots of bodies. (I think these people are the killed padwans from the new jedi order)
It is raining heavily and we see lightning strikes. In one of the frames when the lighting hits you see a building in the background, it has two towers. (it looks like a jedi temple)
Kylo Ren looks to Rey and walks towards her (this maybe means that Ren took her with him)

Then we see her on Jakku as a little kid, she is held by the man that said things like "one 1/4 portion" because you hear his voice. (This means that somehow that big alien had to keep Rey on Jakku)
Rey looks at herself when she was (im guessing) around 8, so she remembers this memory not from her own perspective. (I dont know if thats important)
The spaceship that flies away really looks like a First Order ship, because it is grey and has blue afterburners. All first order ships in the movie have that.
They flies away to a light that has the same colour as the starkiller base beams the base fires. (This is maybe just for the transition to the next shot)

Then she is suddenly on the star kille base, out of nowhere Kylo Ren pops up with his lightsaber ignited.
I think this is the future she sees. (not so famous Yoda quote) 

My Final conclusion is that this are memories from her. That somehow are wiped away and now this lightsaber brought some things back. I think Kylo Ren wanted to save Rey and kept her hidden on Jakku. Kylo Ren forget about her
a little bit so when he hears from his men. That some girl escaped with the droid. He replies "what girl?". Its just a therory so dont get cocky.

Sorry for my bad english it is part of my dutch stereotype.

You may be asking how i know this scene in detail. I found this scene online with pretty bad quality. Thats correct but thats just because you only get the snow speeder power up when you get near the final check pointIt's true but in the force awakens trailer it is also like that, and DICE just wants to stay true to the movies.And how did you change your vpn, vpn gate?I know, I just got to wait a bit longerIm on a stupid field trip the 19th I wont be able to play all dayThey you should restore liscence and that would fix the problemThats not true I got my key already but I did bought already back in septemberI think 1 day because when you use vpn on pc you can set it the time to australia and then you can play on the 16thYo guys ive been trying to unlock the game via vpn and it doesn't work can you please help?Oh shit!, many europeans will be sentenced to death the coming days.Okay Thanks!Ok thanks!, do you know which country is the best to switch to?I got the code!, they said everyone will have them by tomorrow!I think i found it, http://imgur.com/XsobfUXNo I did not, I swear on my Star Wars Battlefront pre order!You would really pay 200 dollars for a single game?!Yeah but then you get trolls that go sit on the edge of the map and then no one else has a change to become a hero.THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!!!
Star Wars is always made for kids so I dont see any reason why you shouldn't let him play it, but there happens a lot shooting and explosions so it may be exhausting for the kid because he is 9. When i boot up the game you go to orgin, then they ask for a game code so I dont think that works.I've scanned it, it is safeI'm downloading this (alpha) game now, I hope so bad that someone has a crackI think they used cards as hud so that you need to buy more attachments/powerups in packs or something like that, its still EA...