I know that this is an April fools day joke but I will still vote for you!Version already has this but it is under the name bloatware. This is why you should never buy a phone from therm ever! Not completely green get it out of there! Riser wannabe!Wow what a great image!I really do not want this to sound offensive but this is simply not true. The privacy laws about this bill is as it pertains to your internet provider, not who controls the internet. The bill will allow your internet service provider - most likely Comcast since they are the biggest to collect everything your do online and sell it to any ad place. 

However the biggest problem with the entire story is that the bill has a provision where if there is a breach at your internet service provider they do not need to tell you about it. Control is not even part of the question! Here is a link about the bill, you should be able to find similar information on your news of choice http://www.npr.org/2017/03/26/521567085/if-congress-kills-fcc-privacy-rules-little-would-protect-consumers-from-provider 

http://fox61.com/2017/03/25/senate-votes-to-kill-internet-privacy-protections-tmwsp/

for good measure here is a good part from fox!People need to go call their representatives asap there is nothing Republican or Democrat about this. I like to quote Edward Snowden "We should not live digitally naked lives " and this is exactly what this legislation is doing!And there should always be a place where the government should collect all of the information! All of it!With that hardware I forsee a lot of issues Fedora tends to be on the bleeding edge which is why things get broken a lot. I hope you are planning to try it a a second os because you can find yourself booting into Fedora with something went wrong in the gui and having to spend some time figuring out what happened! If I am you I'd definitely look at working on it as a non main os and keep your stable minty flavor untouched for the times when you don't have time to deal with the occasional breakdown!Is beta 2 finally up on Ubuntu wiki because over the weekend the links were giving a 404?The table totally pulled a boss move here!Pretty nice!Who parked Lenin there? Who was it? It was the machine!Don't worry everyone the river is usually green it is that this weekend is more green!Needs more up votes! HahaI agree and I'd go a step further you run for office!Last time I tried the RPMFusion ones it did not work very well, I will maybe try them when I have a few hours to look more into selinux and teach myself how to allow programs to run through it. Does selinux create any issues with RPM drivers any nvidia-modprobe messages from selinux?Everything installed just fine the problem arose when I try to login into the gui. Oh no problem occurred so on and so on. I was able to look at what selinux was blocking and it was nvidia modprobe I decided to turn it off completely and was able to login and not have much issues. In any case I'm fine with the way it is. Until I find some free time to see  how I'm going to be able to allow all the nvidia modules to be untouched by it!You will not get your windows partition back, might as well shrink the linux partition and reinstall windows, if you have windows 10 and live account you should be safe with authentication nonsense. I am finishing up my masters in CS and lets just say I know how you feel, when I started I needed some robust tools to get the job done. Typically programs in school are nice and short - yes 5000 lines of code is still short. Here is my suggestion

1. Look on the internet - plenty of customization guides mainly the main one for me is dash to dock - get the program launcher into your desktop - this is after you install the gnome teak tool from the software store
2. Install open in terminal option for nautilus - I use this all the time because I like long folder names with spaces and sometimes tab completion does not work very well so I navigate to the folder I want using the gui and right click and left click on open in terminal it is awesome from there compile run or what ever to your heart's desire.
3. Get good tools for the programming languages - since you are a student checking out Jetbrains is what I would suggest. They have a student pack which gives you access to all of their great tools for free while you are a student. I personally am planning to purchase CLion which is their C++ IDE and Idea which is their Java IDE they are simply great (in my opinion at least) you will have to figure out what works for you. Jetbrains also has css, python javascript and PHP IDEs which work pretty well. 
4. If you are fairly new to linux in the development realm I feel I should suggest some books to glance at. One very important and must see is Git --- very very important because as you do your assignments you want to make sure you upload them to a private repo in github (free for students :) ). This tool will be invaluable as you start looking for employment, You will save all of your assignments as you finish the class you will make them public and put your account on your resume so future employers can see your work!!!! Git is very nice for people that need to backup projects as catastrophic failure happens. Next basic linux/bash book is nice to skim through just to know some of the bash commands so that you can get around -- plenty of these books for free on the internet. Next something basic on networking in linux and system calls (system calls are useful in almost any language to request different services from the OS). 

Last recommendation is do have a running windows installation - be it in virtual machine or in native environment you may sign up for C# which is getting very popular now a days or want to test if something works in windows so do not play into the hype of the terrible OS that windows is portrayed to be. I got 3 monitors running on fedora 24 the only issue I was faced with were the nvidia drivers since I have an nvidia card. What I did was I followed this guide https://www.if-not-true-then-false.com/2015/fedora-nvidia-guide/  the driver is the latest non beta from the nvidia website. After this I went and disabled selinux because it was blocking modules that are needed by nvidia or you can set it to permissive and you should be just fine!I'd totally visit the restaurant lolGreat looking car!Other than #!bin/bash I don't really see a problem you are asking the user to escape the * with the \ since it has wildcard properties. Other than that you should be able to perform the operations just fine. What is the error or earning you are getting when you try to run the script?They really should not be any different, it should be absolutely expected that stuff can go wrong when you strap machinery to tons of liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen and try to get it miles vertically into space!Looks like not a moment too soon ha!Looks like a pro pilot, what can I say!If you have decent computer try vmware player for virtual machine. It is free and let's you play with many different distros before you dual boot it natively on your hardware!Welcome to your progressive Muslim country which recently jailed 15000 intellectuals! Not surprising!They see me rollin!We present the new windows with lots of unconventional features!Keemstar is like a plague of youtube. Go get some help for the drinking problems and maybe some life coaching for being a terrible human being!Poor guy, terrible flooding and it will keep raining stay safe everyone!You dirty dirty!I'm just waiting for GradeA to tell us how sexy Phil is again!Chrome has to be the first application I install after a fresh Ubuntu install and have no problems. I would suggest remove chrome and re-download it from google site, make sure you grab the correct version and install the .deb file!Robots are real???? Wait a minute!!!Let me just explain myself that I actually try to slow down just for that word and spell it out correctly but still sounds weird. I think it is so bad that frequently I just say web address!You are driving a boat, that's quite!!!! :)Since I work in the computer world, I have trouble pronouncing url  - especially when I talk a little bit faster than usual it comes out as if I am saying earl. I guess my accent does not help the situation!Naaahaa that gal contributed like a BOSS!The saddest thing is that this is absolutely and totally true! Welcome to the real world kids, it is a train wreck!Absolutely, I have noticed this in the past couple of months, nothing new website seems abandoned too! Newegg, amazon and microcenter it is. I have never found good deals in Frys!Spectacular pictureProblem being is software still has not adopted the HiDPI aspect ratio and sometimes software is not even usable because it appears so small!Wow, this is an amazing picture, great job! It is now my desktop background, thank you!This is not a formula, this is an answer!!! A little? Why do you have to be so diplomatic about this, it is very awkward! 