I explained why I had to use them though.If there is any catchy malware-cleaning app, delete them. Factory reset would be other option too.I own both of them confidently can say that Flamingo is more sleek than Fenix.> what powers exactly would Erdoğan get from the referendum?

Here's the link to all the section which was voted : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turkish_constitutional_referendum,_2017 , TL,DR, Erdogan wants all the power in the country, enough said.

> Is the army thoroughly under Erdoğans reign?

I do not have solid evidence on this but I think he does not have total control on the army, he wants us to see that he has the complete power on the army whereas he doesn't. Still, open to debate. He wanted/wants to go further in Syria yet the operations were ended, there is a bit contradiction between his wishes and the army's doing.

> How are the people reacting to all of this? Is there any broad, vocal opposition with the potential to act?

There have been lots of protests in Istanbul and Ankara especially in the districts which voted NO. People will not stop raising their voice but it is up to CHP and HDP at this point if CHP-HDP want things to change. 

> Who are the people most in favor of voting pro Erdoğan and what's their incentive?

As you can guess, AKP-voters voted for YES, they are uneducated, far religious, conservative and reactionary. There's no other way to describe them, they stupid as fuck and uneducated as hell. I am not saying or despising them just because they are uneducated, there also uneducated people among CHP-voters, HDP-voters and NO-voters, I am trying to say that they (YES-voters) are both uneducated and arrogant and they do not accept this and they are -as expected- violent. I mean physical violence, they have attacked NO-voters during campaing. I am not speaking for all the communists in Turkey but I want to personally say that they are to be eradicated physically if we want a bright future. They are a disease, they are toxic.

> Are there any new insights into what actually happened at the attempted coup?

Of course there is not a progress in this investigation because there's not an investigation at all! They are just picking black sheep just to show off 'look, those people are pro-FETÖ,this is our proof'. Fetullah Gülen is not a good person, he is as corrupt as Erdogan is, at first I need to state this. There is no legit proof that Fetullah Gülen was/is behing this failed coup because I know that he is a far cleverer person than Erdogan and if he wanted to de-throne Erdogan, he would have done it successfully. As Germany and the USA said, there is no concrete evidence which points that Fetullah Gülen attempted to coup. R.I.PI thought Emma Goldman said this?It cannot be a choice.I never understand feminists who think hijab is choice.Mühürsüz kullanılan oy sayısı: 2.5 milyon

Evet ile Hayır arasındaki fark : 1.2 milyon

Oyun büyük

Mic dropBence şaka değil baya ciddi ciddi kopardı sanırım...Ne karıymış kardeş, gerçekten tüm sebep karıysa para verelim geneleve gitsinler ?Saat 5te oy verme işlemi bitiyor, doğuda saat 4te. Ekose ceket strikes backNetflix must be fucking stupid to do such a moronic thing... fucking adam sandler, who wants to watch adam sandler anyway?Ban me, as if I care.You just removed my thread, fuck you mods, fuck you Reddit. I'm out. > warrior

Made me giggle.There're 18 sections but to summerize them, Erdogan is going to obtain SO much power that no president has in the entire world, it is really madness, you cannot give so much power to ONE person. He is going to break independency of prosecutors, the president will attain %60 of the prosecutors (16-18 in total), and he will have unlimited power in terms of writing new laws etc. This is just insanity, this is going backwards, to Ottoman Era.  Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turkish_constitutional_referendum,_2017I just did.Ahahahah, no.I do live in Turkey tho. DUH?Still not worth for the money!Yeah I thought mods would have opened a sticky referendum post by now.AKP has rigged elections in the past, the possibility of rigging is pretty high.Erdogan knows that he is declining, he is literally going down even though he is the president. For example, today USD/Turkish Lira currency is 3.65, okay? In 2007 it was 1.17, it was a golden age for Turkey with AKP's neo-liberal policies, I mean, they were good at that time, but since 2013 (Gezi Protests), AKP gradually decline politically and economically. During Gezi Protests USD took a rise from 1.70 to 1.90 and government blamed protesters for this rise, now it is 3.65 and nobody saying anything for fuck's sake, they're aware of their end but as any dictator, they will cling to it.I am gonna wake up 9 A.M sharp tomorrow and go to vote! :)There is a chance that it does not pass but AKP has rigged elections in the past, what can you say...This comment  lacks /s.Living in Greece would be an upgrade for me, thx buddy.Where are *we* ? Oh yes, just the corner you know...It would be usable, dont worry.I wasn't happy with PIA in terms of torrenting, that is my personal experience. Currently I am using Cyberghost and it is noticeably better than PIA. Thanks for heads-up, I gave a thumbs-down.I really want to play a good racing game but they are all junk games nowadays sadly, having IAPs... It is just sad.Where the fuck is Russia?I am saying that that person says there are videos which have underage girls in them, but stating no proof. > underage girls

You are just being stupid here.iPads got that look with yesterday!  IT IS TERRIBLE, I MEAN IT, IT IS T E R R I B L E.Bixby has its own bloody physical button not ready yet? Samsung WTF dude?This is a myth yet I like it. There'll be always downvoters though.Last year I used Vuze but I remember having issues regarding uploading speed (same thing happened with Deluge too).For fuck's sake, then recommend me a software which would solve my problem.You didn't help at all, did u notice that? Probably not. It sucks so bad that I do not where to start and we pay money for this...this...shitty service. :/ Okay okay, we have this data cap in Turkey as well but this data cap will become better, in favour of customers, next month, for example between 2 A.M - 8 A.M the data you consume will not be counted. Sorry, what data caps? I don't live in the USA so I am not utterly familiar with the all cable-tv thingy.Ooookay. now I got it.I think it automatically download DVR if you choose a tv show.  Or a movie, for example lets says Shawshank Redemption, you choose the movie, if it is aired on TV, it downloads to DVR automatically. I didn't try the app , I have seen this is a review.If you haven't played, Leo's Fortune!I am using Greenify Agressive Doze enabled on 7.0YESSSSSS.It says https everywhere slowing down firefox. As far as I know Google will make it happen sometime in 2017, using Google Play apps on Chromebooks.Oooo Büyük Ev Ablukada dinleyicileri de buradaymış. :DI don't think so.Click 'queue', then click 'History' tab on desktop.  It shows the last 50 tracks you listened to.I knew that if I had a look at comment section I would be triggered and yes I was right, Turkish nationalists just typing their propaganda...I think yes, it still works. 50k is pretty cheap tho.UBER got banned last month in Turkey, the government also banned Booking.com , and we have no PayPal since june , yeah we're pretty much third world country.RARBG's comment sections are always toxic but quality for movies, tv shows and porn is pretty good. I am a pro-feminist male, but I think this is just going backwards. I started using Brave on my phone, then I got it on my iPad as well. Seems a bit laggy tho, Brave.Cash? Hmm. You can buy Starbucks card or things like that to pay for PrivateInternetAccess.But still it does not have ad-block, except Firefox Focus.It is fucking funny. Last tram had me! This was discontinued  last month tho...We need this on macOS as well!It is like when you are saying 'change', take that 'ch' and add 'omar'. Somethink like 'chom:ar'CyberGhost.Uhmm..No.just wanted to join...whatev.You should have a look at Turkey in terms of refugees. 3M refugees are yet to arrive to Turkey. :/ Turkey is something between 12%-17% by the way.Awwww that's cute. Now we can accomplish our deepest intention....MAKE BYZANTIUM GREAT AGAIN!I had Xperia Z1 for two and a half years and it never slower in my experience, now I have G4 Plus.No. First, I used Terrarium, then I found Netflix, I quit Terrarium.Totally. There are chromebooks these days, but they haven't reached the point where they can take over 'laptops' completely. Weight and dimensions are the most important things nowadays, even more important than hardware. When you look at the bigger picture, it is a joke. Barack Obama were given Nobel "Peace" Prize, I mean, Obama... I did not see him showing any peace in the Middle East or in Africa or in Japan when he attended commemoration of Nagazaki and Hiroshima (he did not apologize). Some people just will downvote me for saying these though. I've never used it but it looks similar.I never compared iPads to Macs, I am saying that there would be a new technological device which can replace iPads. Before tablets, you had a computer and a phone, then tablet came. You are *still* missing the point.I do not like your statement. When there were horse carts, people must have thought like ' HAH! Nothing can beat horsepower! '. Do you get what I mean? I started using Terrarium for Office U.S but downloading process was pretty slow(Last time I used Terrarium was last year) and I just took trial on Netflix then I loved it. Netflix seems a bit pricey but it is not, we split the 4K option between 4 people -including me- and this makes it affordable. Of course not.TVshow Time: Tracking your tv series episode by episode, and calendar for upcoming episodes, it is my favourite app. edit:It also has a website, http://www.tvshowtime.com/Clash Royale is the most time-consuming game I have ever played. I uninstalled it when I realized I wasted 20 minutes of my life...> dating

:/I used it until I subscribed to Netflix now I feel like a traitor...Does this work only for Safari? edit:Whatever, I am already using Brave Browser which has in-built adblocker.As an average user, best way to start is a VPN service. Head over to r/VPN and r/VPNreviews , next stop is your browser, if you do not use Firefox, start using it, why? Because it is open-source unlike Chromium based browsers, next add-ons. HTTPS Everywhere, uBlock Origin, (if you are going hardcore, you can install Auto Destruct Cookies), next e-mail service, I started using ProtonMail 2 weeks ago, it is pretty easy, I have one Hotmail and one Yahoo email, I adjusted them to forward those emails to ProtonMail (Actually I don't know whether this 'forwarding' would reduce my privacy).

> I've already switched my browser to tor

TOR is not meant to be used for daily use as far as I know. And it is extremely slow sometimes. 

If you are looking for a VPN, I am using CyberGhost, they go on sale sometimes so I would recommend you NOT to buy at full price.It should have been Poland instead of France! r/place !I have Air 13 and it does everything I want. If you are not a heavy-user, you should be fine. I recommend it. Populist-right parties will always gain support of uneducated, religious, conservative people. This is very sad.I think somebody was trying to make an Estonia flag at the bottom of Sweden's flag then she/he gave up...BASH THE FASHNope,didn't like it at all.