Fuck United, and their lying ass CEO.In quarters.But he knows how to eat.And who doesn't piss after jerking off?Only 2 stickers left to switch... what's so hard about that?http://www.xvideos.com/?k=Tria

Few videos... you can find more of her on other sites.http://www.us.kohler.com/us/Cimarron-Comfort-Height-two-piece-elongated-1.28-gpf-toilet-with-AquaPiston-flush-technology-and-left-hand-trip-lever/productDetail/toilets/426435.htm?skuId=401932&brandId=1159451 -- more or less.  I think they have had some minor updates to the line since I put them in a few years back.A lot of toilets now... to clog them would take an act of god.  I got rid of all my plungers after replacing my toilets a few years back... even my college roommate, who uses like an entire roll of toilet paper to flush down Chipotle-burrito-sized dumps came over and didn't have a problem.

He's a guy who says, "Hey man, I went to use your shitter but I didn't see a plunger.  Can I get that in advance?"  I had to tell him to just trust the jet flush tech... it's good shit.> (I used to be really bad about the amount of tissue I used)

Sure thing, Cupcake.  That's what clogged it.Why not frosted glass in the window?

Unfortunately the city will get sued.  It's too bad the victim can't sue the cops into the ground.  And then send them to jail for assault.  This is exactly like a teacher who takes advantage of a student... this guy in the video was submitting with his hands up... and the cop still hits him.  No excuse, they belong in jail... families on the streets.  This shit won't end as long as the people perpetrating the actions aren't financially lynched and then imprisoned.  Hopefully in one of the PMITA prisons.Sure sure, but come on.  Nazis.  Universally accepted as the bad guys in history.

Once you start questioning that... where's it stop?  Anyway sure, enlisted soldiers... give 'em a pass.  Commanding officers... shoot 'em in the nuts.I can't imagine there wasn't a waiting list a mile long to shoot this guy.  "This guy ordered 15 of your friends to be killed, after they were disarmed and surrendered... what do you want to do about it?"

A) Um, let's debate morality!  This will be a fun academic exercise for my thesis!  He was only a small cog in a bigger machine and we're all just people following orders... 

B) Fuck him, let's blow his nuts off.  I want to shoot that bitch twice.

Pretty sure everyone opted for B.  Wanting revenge is human nature.

I'm honestly surprised so many shots were to center mass.  I know if he killed my friends, I'd aim for his little Nazi nuts.Jokes are funny.  Spitting on food being sold to other people... and talking about hating the country that empowers her celebrity is just a dipshit move.It's not for the shooters, it's for the audience.  Of course the shooter knows... but the audience only knows a subset actually fired lethal rounds.  Nobody on the firing line would have any qualms about shooting down a man who ordered 15 of their peers to be illegally executed... but let's hypothetically say the man who they shot had been innocent... having a few of them fire blanks means that anyone in the audience wouldn't be able to blame that person for killing an innocent man.

Of course this guy got what was coming to him... and presumably the guys on the firing line were all hoping their gun had live ammo in this situation.  Nazis... come on.  They're the bad guys.What happens after?  Does the bear lick that?  Or pull the flap?  Or what?/r/natureismetal/Hot... but let's not forget what a little dipshit she is.

* Ariana Grande LICKS A DONUT and HATES AMERICA | What's Trending Now - YouTube || https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kDAzYjbugo

* Ariana Grande Caught On Camera Saying 'I Hate America' After Licking Other People's Donuts! - YouTube || https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RV1bK6_I7YI grew up on a cattle ranch.  Cows can't really back up, horrible design flaw.

One day in the winter some cows jumped the fence to the hay lot and wedged themselves in a crack between two stacks of hay bales.  Someone had closed off the far end by placing another stack of bales there -- so the cows couldn't walk through.  They kept pushing forward... eventually trampling the first cows to go in.  By the time we found them, maybe a week later, about 10 cows were just sort of puddles under their friends.  Anyway to this day it haunts me how those cows died.The mommy-fish goes back in the water after this right?https://www.xvideos.com/profiles/catarina-petrov there are videos.Looks like it needs to be run through a dishwasher a few times though.Once you hit 35... all the 18-25 year-olds come out of the woodwork.  I mean... just don't let yourself get fat, you'll be banging hot chicks all the way through your 50s.

Source: Doing it.  Saw my dad do it.Spreading diabetes... way more damaging than just giving them the finger.Tragic as this is... doesn't China have too many people?  If smoking is slowing down the overpopulation issue, we may want to encourage smoking.  Cigarettes, cheeseburgers, heroin... probably very "green" to deregulate these industries.No tits to speak of, but still a helluva nice body.Said every woman ever about every relationship ever.She kept having birthdays.  A few years after we got married she turned 29.  Not the 26 year-old I married, or the 22 year-old I fell in love with.Spam on mobile.Dear Max Hardcore,

Please come out of retirement and shoot a scene with this girl.Even still... that many people walking on the shingles is horrible for them.Ouch-i.They probably got sued after a 400 pound kid sat on one of the benches (designed to support only 350 pounds) and had replace them with something that could support kids that were up to 500 pounds.That would be the mother.* Use Your Ipad As An External Monitor - YouTube || https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UJnrutkHbkGlad he's getting enough to eat.We pay a billion trillion dollars to military spending and they're still shooting in black and white?!  What is this, 1492?Why does this say "1005" when it's a 503 error?There are still cowboys today.  Equipment they use looks every bit like the stuff back then.  Hat and suspenders went out of style... but everything else about this could have been taken yesterday.

Source: Grew up on a cattle ranch.Between these two... you should be covered.

* TabardMaster - Bags & Inventory - World of Warcraft Addons - Curse || https://mods.curse.com/addons/wow/tabardmaster (been using this since 2011... it's great)

* Tabard Addict - Achievements - World of Warcraft Addons - Curse || https://mods.curse.com/addons/wow/tabard-addictBack in BC... combat logs weren't always amazing.  There was a bug for a while where your a pet wouldn't be associated with the owner -- this pissed hunters off to no end.  Anyway, once I realized it wasn't linking me to my pet, I would name my pets after people in the raid... then at key moments I'd have my pet break CC or DPS the wrong target... People would say, "I saw a hunter's pet doing it!"  But I'd say, "Check the logs..." and sure enough it would show up as JoeTheLock, and JoeTheLock would get bitched out (until someone went a step or two deeper and were like, "Why is JoeTheLock using 'Bite'?").  It was months before anyone caught on that it was my pet.  Ha.

Still worked years later to mess up those stupid auto announcement spammer bots some people run, "JoeTheLock pulled!"  "JoeTheLock broke CC!"  Ha, nope... was just my pet... JoeTheLock quit after BC... and I miss that fucker.  At this point all of my pets are named after people I used to raid with.  It's sort of seen as a fuck-you/honor when I name a pet after someone.Bad wording... but they should just give you all the flight paths at this point.  Seems silly not to.  Hit max level for that expansion on a toon, all the flight paths unlock for all your toons.

As for showing treasures... anyone left not using addons that show points of interest on the map?All that... and you still leave the monitors on the desk way too low to be comfortable to look at.The way you didn't look left when you went in... my god, that's what gives me anxiety attacks.  Of course that's where the zombie would be... but no... you focus on some stupid old CD case and papers on the ground.That mouth.Oh, you have my maid?  As much as it's a stereotype, Mexicans are very hard workers… just not very bright workers.

"Oh, Mister, you out of chemicals."

"No, there's more in the pantry.  Look at the big jug marked 'Bona', see?"

"Yes, Mister, I clean."

[Proceeds to use Windex on all the wood floors instead of the Bona from the pantry.]

I pay this woman the equivalent of 25 bucks an hour to be in my house and have for the last 5+ years. Mostly I don't want to change maids because I know exactly what this one breaks every time, and a new maid would break different things.My maid cleans back there every month... and every month she breaks / disconnects the dryer by mistake.  I waste more time dinking with the stupid hose than it would take to clean the whole house I reckon.They could have had just the Arthas storyline from WC3... or just one or two chapters... Arthas' rise up through The Culling of Stratholme.  Would have been plenty for a movie.

I don't know what specifically I would have done, I just know what I saw -- the fact it was so short and felt rushed -- it was a huge let down.Really?  After watching the first one, you want another?  Man the first one... was so bad.

No clue why they didn't jump right in to the story of Arthas.  It would have been so much better.  Just take the WCIII storyline and presto... you're good to go.  But... yeah, I mean what made MCU so successful was they made each movie potentially a stand alone.  The first Iron Man was a good movie by itself... it didn't intentionally try to set us up for The Avengers... but the entire Warcraft movie felt like it was just setting us up for the real story that would come when they made a few more movies.

It was just some backstory backstory with a bunch of no-name people nobody cared about... shrunk into like an hour-long super condensed half story.

The first movie was literally a crime against WoW fans... doubt they'll ever make another.  The direction they took with that movie was really flawed.They can now do bad boob jobs to dicks.  What a time to be alive!Bidet to you.Proof you can get diabetes from eating plants.Too bad his name wasn't Park.Ex-wife.If you want to experience this, just stab out your eyes.I may have to actually see this one... unlike Spidey where they put the whole film on YouTube months before release.Time was, when you got bumped, you got a free first-class ticket voucher anywhere you wanted to go in the US.  And a hotel room.  And meal vouchers for your stay.  And put on the next flight.

I miss the 90s.Roundabouts aren't nearly as safe for pedestrians.

This is predominantly why we use red-light intersections in the US... even for places that have very little foot-traffic.Left lane for passing.Depends on the mood.When you get to his level you realize how not to bite the hand that feed you, ever.My dogs love to eat them.

Well chew on them anyway.

To all you people who just let mistake rabbits loose in the park, thank you for feeding my dogs.

No, but seriously you're horrible people.  Letting the rabbits loose isn't great for them.  Take them to a pet store if you can't keep them.Almost like Germany want us to forget what happened between 1939 and 1945...Someone is going to be assigned to the roof.That movie was from 1993...This ain't /r/wholesomememes, motherfucker.Zombies don't breath, so they don't exhale CO2.  This makes them basically invisible to mosquitoes.  Minimal threat of cross contamination. Max didn't go to jail for one specific scene, please do your homework.Read the article, they inject a polymer into your nuts.  Fuck to the no.That's a god damn deadly Pit Bull and they should all be destroyed.  You're going to be killed by that monster.  Ban the dogs!  Clearly a menace.Do not play HORSE with dis nigga for money.Relevant.

* Murder of Kitty Genovese - Wikipedia || https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Kitty_Genovese

* Small Circle of Friends - Phil Ochs - YouTube || https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMeG6dAFqXwMy pit fucking loves when I do this.  When it's time for bed, she brings me her blanket and I tuck her in at night.  When it's thundering, I put some extra pillows on top to keep her safe.Mmm, lil bacon.I would patronize the shit out of any restaurant that did this in Austin.

Jack Allen's... pretty please? * Tammy & the T-Rex trailer (1994) Paul Walker Denise Richards - YouTube || https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dY-kACvfgcHe really needs to not skip leg day.https://duckduckgo.com/?q=aud+to+usd&atb=v16&ia=currency

$47.87 USD -- that any better?

Ha, what a bunch of cunts.Was the award for "slowest faucet to produce hot water"?  Because this would be the slowest faucet to produce hot water.I literally don't care.https://media2.giphy.com/media/142dhzXGA8EsIE/giphy.gifI hear black guys love huge asses.TIL Texas is part of Canada.Not the OP.  OPs moobs are bigger.She's fat in a trailer park somewhere with 4 kids now.HTTPS... this doesn't stop someone from seeing the URLs that you visit.  So like... they will still know what porn you look at.  This just stops them from being able to modify the content mid-stream and inject their own ads.

Pornhub put this shit out so they can't feel good about blocking VPN traffic.  They're assholes for blocking VPN traffic.Read about Rome.

We are a civilization in decline.  It's a mad scramble to grab as much money as you can before the whole thing just falls apart.  We are witnessing the fall of Rome.Sadness.Open Snapchat, take a picture, add a caption that contains your email address, save the picture, set it as your background for your lock screen. Winner winner chicken dinner.  See you at Chili's on 45th!So... a few things.

1) This is shit.  WoW has always been an endless treadmill, but now the only time we get to experience any momentum is in a raid?  This is fucking stupid.

2) I think they probably did this because they knew 7.2 would bring more world questing, and didn't want well-geared players swooping in and one-shotting mobs that noobs were struggling with.  I know that makes noobs mad when they can't AOE mobs down like well-geared players... and then the noobs unsubscribe.  So that'd be my guess as to why they are doing this... more quest grinds in 7.2 and they wanted to level the playing field.  (Note that in the past they have found ways of giving welfare epics to get everyone geared up to current faster... so like think ICC Heroics or or badges to buy tier gear or Timeless Isle to accomplish the same goal as this.  Followed by a stat squish a few patches later...)

I can't fault them for wanting to try something new... but this is dumb.  I think a better way to do this would be to instance the zones by item level.  So if you're a cute baby nooblet, you only ever see other cute baby nooblets.  Doesn't seem like it'd be that hard, given how they instance everything and cross-realm everything already.  And if you're a leet epic raider... well, sure you get to to go to zone full of other leet epic raiders who are one-shotting quest mobs and you have to be quick about picking them up as soon as they spawn.  Seems fair.  Fair-er anyway.Need to bookmark this thread for when I need the nudge to blow my brains out.Don't forget traffic!Yeah, Obama!And has for 10+ years.  People are idiots.  I haven't listened to a voice mail in a decade.Deal with it, yo.  Take a concrete pill and harden the fuck up.Trailer needs a spoiler tag.What would the population be today if we didn't have WW2?They are all jackasses who are ruining Reddit.Stripper Queen, final form.Like you're their dog.

Move out and get a job, hippie.