Why are you swearing and shouting?And the far left of the party haven't been maligned and called names?For anti-corbyn labour supporters, this announcement should be absolute music to their ears.Same here in London.Its 1980 and Stan is talking about how things, and people, don't really change. Ironically this is proved by the fact that its 37 years later and this text is more relevant than ever.(Season 6 I think:) That beautiful young female doctor deciding to spend her dying days with a middle aged, alcoholic vagrant (namely, Frank) who she had only just met.For me, every season is of a similar (high) quality, I haven't really discerned any notable peaks or dips, so yeah I would say tap out.So what for you would be a clear-cut example of philistinism in action then?Jeez, the philistinism in this thread :((Whoopsie, it should say 2014, not 2015, in the title)Enlightened with Laura Dern, great character studies, great comedy, great commentary on modern life.

PS I don't think you could call the Wire or Deadwood underrated shows, pick almost any list of greatest tv shows ever made and you will see Deadwood and the Wire on them.You have to kill all the bad guys, especially the bossesIts interesting how the tenor of this sub has changed since I joined 2 years ago. Having faith in change through electoral success used to be heavily frowned upon. Not complaining, just pointing it out.Have you seen Enough Said? Inthat film he plays the polar opposite of Tony Soprano and he is great in it.I wouldn't expect this series to answer much of what people have been wondering about though. A lot more will be left unanswered than answered. My prediction is for a major Geoff Johns-scripted event/ crossover in 2018 to be the real place where all the big questions get answered. I expect the Button will only contain a couple of tidbits.Who is Jimmy? Someone ELI5 pleaseYep that was my reaction, OP probably meant cool in the sense of dress well, dress stylishThe stress of making Cleaver must have aged himMy advice would be to git gudThe hate for addicts in this thread is strong. Its a shame the mods have gone on vacation.

I'll leave this here, although i don't know if it'll do any good as everyone seems to have their mind already made up: ['A South Korean man has died after reportedly playing an online computer game for 50 hours with few breaks.'](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/technology/4137782.stm)Lived for 2 years in china, apart from the pollution, its as good and as bad as any other place I've lived. If people have such a negative reaction to a place, it usually says as much about the person as it does about the place.It should be pointed out though, that many will find you a bit rude if you ask too many personal questions, especially, in my experience, if you are talking to a non-American (ie I find Amercans have a greater tolerance for personal questions than non-Americans)Why didn't you use the same logic, but in this way: 

'I don't think eating cows and pig should be legal. What separates a cow or a pig from a dog?' 

Instead of making every species equal by by mistreating and abusing them all equally, lets make every species equal by protecting everyone equally.You can act like a total tosser in the first Mass Effect and Dragon Age games ( not sure about the sequels). You basically get act like a totally arrogant and nasty prick to other npcs through the game, if you wish.[I guess you could call that a dick - Paulie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E80mSufP_84)Do you like TV shows? The netflix marvel tv shows (like Daredevil, Jessica Jones and Luke Cage) are top quality, more akin to a HBO show, than a network TV show in terms of style and qualityI've read it three times and I don't understand any of it. I love it.As it happens, Morrison's Nameless, which came out at the same time as Annihilator, is one of my favorite comics of all time. As for Annihilator, I can see that Frazer Irving is most probably an amazing artist, but there is something about his style that I personally dislike. Like the way some people can't enjoy grapefruit juice, I find it hard to appreciate Irving's art. If it were another artist on board I probably would have liked Annihilator a  lot more.Genuine question: in the run up to the election what were Donald Trump's foreign policy promises regarding armed conflict? I only read the headlines, but wasn't he all about staying out of other country's business and not intervening? Wasn't that why his supporters said he was a big departure from the war-mongering status quo, that Hilary Clinton represented? Because if so, firstly american drone strikes in the middle east have continued apace killing loads of civilians, and now this

Also, doesn't this prove he is not so close with Russia/ Putin after all?Does it have any story mode/ campaign? I got Dragon Realms last year but because it that game was so open ended and had no real objectives, my interest wanedYou did this? Fair play, neat ideaI would love if this were done manually, rather than by a computer program :sSorry but you may as well bin it. Most people here say that even the 30mg codeine/500 paracetemol tablets aren't worth shit. By the way, this post would probably be better suited to r/opiates.The recommended daily maximum of paracetamol someone should take is 4000mg, and I think this is supposed to be staggered through the day, rather than taken all at once. Although there seems to be agreement among redditors that it is ok to go over this limit if it is just a one-off, and you are not doing it regularly.

Have you heard of cold water extraction? It is a method from separating the codeine from the paracetemol in cocodamol tablets. But it is a pain in the bum, and I never had much success with it.

Are the cocodamol 500mg paracetemol and 30mg codeine, or are they 500mg paracetemol and 8mg codeine?Although this is bad, wouldn't it be more worrying if the Pepsi marketing bods found out that there was more profit to be had in actually appealing to the alt-righters, instead of the liberals? When I see a pepsi advert featuring a bunch of glamorous gun-toting white men, then I'll be really concernedBut the OP is being disrespectful to others in his post, no? I am being mild in comparisonI feel its like reddit-lite. Where is all the racism, sexism, politics, and hate? Im surprised the canvas didn't end up full of red pills and swastikas and so onYou sound like a bit of a douche yourself

This belongs on r/gatekeepingpure natural beauty as far as the eye can see, and you're staring at your phone catching pokemonTis isn't just a video game phenomenon - it happens with TV shows, comic books, movies, probably music and art and more things too. Once that hate bandwagon gets going, its hard to stop. It used to upset me a first, and I still think its unhealthy, to spend so much time releasing hate and bile out into the world, but now I'm more used to it, I have a thicker skin about it.a simpler question is what isn't it about!  It was about everything!
It was kinda of an experiment, organised by reddit staff - there was a large canvas made up of pixels. Every user can add one coloured pixel, but only one per five minutes. Also, other users can go over any previously added pixel. Working on your own, you wouldn't be able to get a lot down, so online communities came together to coordinate efforts, and thus many interesting logos, and images and other stuff were produced. I spent my time working with the r/darksouls folks on a dark souls image at the bottom of the canvas. It all sounds daft, but it was kind of fun and relaxing, and it was nice to see what people managed to produce.

This is what the final canvas looks like: https://i.imgur.com/ajWiAYi.png

But yeah, a xenomorph on here would have been cool, but only the subs that acted fast managed to get stuff onto the canvas before all the space was taken.Dude, try not to be so specific. You will miss out on a lot of great comics by having such specific requirements :sWorld of what? What is this game you speak of? Is it available yet, or is it still in beta testing or what?Not everyone knows that praise the sun = dark souls. Until recently I hadno idea. Just saying.I've never heard of people doing this (pulling out while also wearing a condom). If you want to be safe, after sex with a condom on, you can always check the condom to check if it worked: carefully take the condom off and all of your ejaculate should be in the tip of the condom. If it isn't, then there must be a tear in the condom, and then your gf will wanna think about taking a morning after pill.Jolly co-operation indeed!We are trying to achieve this image now: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/aaloepn2zpxi7id/i549b95ff.png

The white line is as it should be. Praise the sun!I got two random observations about this video

1. He has to go for three or four audition, get interviewed numerous times and fill out a 13 page questionaire before he even sees the judges. So, all those really terrible acts have presumably had to do the same before they got to perform in front of the judges (although is it made to look like they have just waltzed right in from the street), which means those terrible acts have been screened already and have been let through solely so that the judges can insult them and the public laugh at them. Then the judges act all offended and shocked at the terrible act, like 'how dare you come on here, and waste everyone's time'.

2. People who audition and do well on these shows often get in trouble down the line when it turns out that they have been somewhat flexible with the truth regarding their background stories. But this video shows that the auditioners have no choice: you either come up with a good sob story, or you have no chance of proceeding.Like in Dark Souls, if you get stuck on a level, go to another level and come back to where you got stuck later, when you are a bit more powerful.

I'll give you a of helpful hint: the five worlds/ zones in demon's souls: there is one where the enemies yield a large amount of souls compared to the others, enabling fast leveling up if you stick with this world. Basically its a great place for farming. I can reveal more if you want.TIL, thanksKurupt fm there at the bottom lol

Just to confirm, that is the novelty grime act from the bbc mockumentary sitcom People Just do Nothing?How long was this mystery supposed to drag out for in the show? Was it being answered this week, or was it to drag on for months? If the latter then this is even worse.

The one upside is that if this video ends up going somewhat viral, it could end being a publicity boost for the showDefinitely. Big kudos to him, the host could have milked that for all it was worth, a big scoop for his show. But he knew what a serious, career-threatening mistake the actor had just made, he probably felt as bad about it as the actor did, so the host decided to ignore it and pretend it hadn't happened. But then the actor ruined it by not doing the same thing. He didn't strike me as the sharpest tool in the box.> God I was a twat.

Don't worry, we all were. The only difference between us and others is that we own up to it.EVE online. Commonly regarded as the most complex and involved MMO game. Civ 3 isn't an mmo is it? Mmos have the ability to really suck you in.  I was just reading [this](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/mar/29/veganism-jermain-defoe-plant-diet) today actually. Article about top athletes and sportspeople who are veganWhat you talking about? Haven't you been following the news at all (Sky news, the Mail etc), there is nothing wrong with the economy! We are living in a time of unprecedented wealth, high employment and happiness in the UK :sIt's actually an awesome hat. Surprised anyone said anything to you about it, as for all London's faults, the one great thing is that you can wear absolutely anything and no one bats an eyelid. London has always attracted people from smaller towns and villages around the UK who feel judged in their native communities, but can come to London, let their hair down, be themselves, and not be judged for itI totally agree with this, yet at the same time, I'm a total misanthrope and think most people I meet are assholes. Excuse me a sec, got some mental gymnastics to do...Sorry you had a bad time.

I'm curious, who said something about your hat, and what did they say?This is interesting, as iirc Chomsky doesn't talk too much about American-sponsored false flag operations, definitely not to the extent that the more extreme conspiracy theorists talk about false flags, for whom practically anything that happens in the US is a false flag operation.You might be thinking of operation northwoods? John F Kennedy might have lived on if he hadn't of rejected it, who knows!I just bought Ico, and Shadow of Colossus on sale on the PS3 store, although they are both PS2 games. OK so I haven't played them yet, but have heard nothing but great things about them, and I can't wait to get stuck into.Obvious troll is obviousI could repeat this almost word for word, about my experiences with Netflix's Iron Fist (although I'd probably give it a 3/5).Trivia: Chinese girls seem to really dig it, (although that's not why it stays on TV, because they mostly stream it illegally)In Dark Souls too? I thought it was only Demon Souls. I'm doing my 1st playthrough of Dark Souls (1) now, focusing on hand to hand, and strength, vitality, endurance and dexterity stats...am I screwing myself over by not focusing more on magic?Magic is notorious for being at the least somewhat overpowered in Demon's Souls.Whatever happens, just remember you'll have forgotten all about it one day, and you'll wonder what all the fuss was about. When I was at college, I had to see a doctor for depression because of a girl I was besotted with. I thought at the time it was life or death. Now I think about her in passing about once or twice a year, and only to wonder what on earth it was I liked about her so much.Have you got her number yet? Sometimes its good to build up comfort and familiarity through messages, and it is also a good way to get a sense if she likes you or not. Its called 'text game', and it works. Look up about short fuse, medium fuse, long fuse.

When telling a girl that you like, that you like her, [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oWuFSO926k) scene always stuck with me. Ever since the message of this scene sunk in, I've never ever been scared of telling a girl I like them. 'You are what you love, not what loves you'.

This might be obvious but if you do tell her you like her, keep it casual, eg don't say 'I'm crazy about you, I think about you all the time, I really think we are meant to be together...etc', rather say something like, 'hey I think you're kinda adorable, how about a date sometime?'How would you feel about giving your wife oral if the roles were reversed? How would you feel if you offered it, but she declined?I literally feel like a 70 year old man (i'm in my late 20s)So Blizzard are doing this for sentimental reasons?It hasn't been mentioned on this thread yet, but just to show her clueless she is, she is being roundly mocked on twitter for something else she said in the same interview:

>But in her Marr interview, Rudd reiterated that she did not see legislation as the answer, preferring instead to convince tech companies to voluntarily agree to tackle the issue.

>She said it was a case of getting together "the best people who understand the technology, **who understand the necessary hashtags**, to stop this stuff even being put up, not just taking it down, stop it getting up in the first place."

She wants to get together the people 'who understand the necessary hashtags'?? wtf is that supposed to mean?So whats in it for the producers to make it completely free? How will they profit from that?The Wire and the Sopranos. And after that I have about 8 shows tied for (a distant) 3rd place.Please eli5 the difference?So what are people predicting Superman's involvement will be in the film? 'Surprise' appearance in the last 3rd? No appearance at all? It seems weird that Supes is absent from all thisr/gatekeepersI love all the mini-games in this - Skyrim and GTA 5 are probably my favourites.

Dank soundtrack too.Holy fuck...decided to play on easiest possible setting...white male, born to a billionaire family... decided to role-play as a total asshole, spent the game just grabbing pussy, and yet I still ended up as President of the United States!? lol Even have my own cult now, got legions of devotees around the globe. OK so this game is a bit far-fetched but still, some serious lols, great game!Candy crush saga. This is the one game that many people who have otherwise never played a game in their life will play incessantly. Might serve as a good gateway drug to other games.Unique and mysterious lore and atmosphere, the gameplay, the challenge - amazing feeling when you complete certain sections and levels. Also, like with most RPGs, the Souls games have a great tactical element - managing your resourses , armor and weapons, and managing your stat allocation, so as to optimise performance. Oh, and the architecture/ level design, how levels twist and loop around to connect with each other. Oh, and they have Solaire, the greatest NPC of all time!November 15th is my birthdayThen I stand corrected, seems like it will reach a wider audience

Edit: you're right, that was super easy (to submit as a suggestion to netflix)>Unfortunately that meant pretty much every sequel to Dragon Age has been less of an RPG strategy game where you plan out your attacks and more of an action game.

People say similar things about the Mass Effect series. Its often repeated that Mass Effect 1 is an RPG with shooter elements, and that the follow ups are shooters, with RPG elements> My boyfriend of 4 years, I meet as a one night stand. He just wouldn't leave.

Yeah, happened to me once. You should be allowed to road test the vehicle before buying right? /sThose two guys belong in r/notmyjobI still enjoy seeing people make fun of ET the game tbhVery powerful. The second half, going into Mongolian working conditions, is depressing AF.

Its interesting how people from all over the world, from all different periods of history, will always jump to erroneously blame foreigners for all their problems, and society's problems. The easiest and simplest scapegoat to go for I guess.I imagine that most mongolians, like the populations of the Eastern European countries that were once part of the USSR, hated being part of the Communist regime, and so now detest in bitterly.> My friend said if I hadn't slept with him we would have eventually dated and married.

Seriously, this is such bad advice. Most men would bolt if they find themselves with a woman that won't have sex before marriage.I just wonder if many non-vegans or non-vegetarians will watch this show thoughTry watching it as more of a drama rather than a sitcom, maybe you'd like it more. That's pretty much what I did. I found the characters and scenarios very real and relatable, and admired its honesty and upfrontness about various female issues, although I can't remember if I found it all that funnyIs it just me or does Liam Gallagher stick out like a sore thumb on this list?Thanks for you helpI didn't miss the /s, just have no idea what it means :(How dose this make the game literally unplayable?I'm buying XCOM Enemy Within tomorrow for PS3 because its on sale  on the PS store. I don't need Enemy Unknown to play/ enjoy enemy Within do I?Username checks out