This happened multiple times and still happens sometimes. I was searching for my phone for minutes long only to realize I'm holding it in my hand.I have the iPhone NEX-5.I'm triggered That communism worksThe worst part is being friends with someone who is still trying to impress "Only you can see this" is pretty much bullshit tooProbably some Reddit clone.They still use Windows and/or MacActually can't wait to show this video to my parents and proudly say "shibe made me millionaire"Ah das da Dunderpatrullen jah Come on Tux, let's get the fuck out of here.Had the same thing when I still used windows A can of Dr Pepper[:) click here](http://m.thepiratebay.org/search/Ableton%2Blive%2Bsuite%2B9%2B/1/0/0)
It's pretty weird to see Canonical, which got popular because of Linux, now focuses on IoT. Linux the safest thing ever and IoT is the opposite "HIV Just got interesting"BothI wanted to stick to Photoshop too at first. GIMP is just not the same. Currently I'm using Krita which is almost as good as psThat's why I don't have one ;)Leeuwarden, The Netherlands. European capital of culture 2018. There is some tourism but really not muchMicrosoft Windows /r/linuxmasterraceLinux users get more than average obviously Looking at it it seems like some kind of Microsoft Windows. London didn't pay them enough to get their city in their OS.Didn't know they dropped it. Would it still be secure?H f k t I p f ...... h p g,( u RBI ^*£ rm -rf /u/zarain123...........I have bad news for you. My lamp is on.Couldn't have said it better myself[snitch](https://imgur.com/a/ZhmuW)HellSo it's like head lice, but it's everywhere. That really sucks man.I still have a fully functional ad free version of KMS in archive. The one all downloads promise but you only get ads. It is buggy as hell sometimes and you have to try/restart a bunch of tries before it works. On some systems it doesn't work at all. Interested?Where can I buy it, i need to taste itsudo pacman -S soda will work better81If the previous owners show up in your dreams, run.Mom: "Why would you need a lot of power outlets? You could use a extension cord" Me: "I'd like to see ~2000 watts going through an extension cord". This happened today I have never heard of bed bugs in my area. Is this even a thing in northwest Europe? No one I know has ever known someone who had issues with them.As I'm moving, I will do this. It's actually a pretty good idea I wouldn't have done if you didn't mention it. Thanks!!!The issue with the cloud is that someone else is responsible for your stuff. The fact that stupid employees have access to your data/access makes it bad. I'd rather have a port forwarded home hub for IoT devices than a cloud connecting hub I need to log in to with email (Like OpenHAB vs HomeKit). The cloud may be useful in situations like YouTube, as a sharing platform, but for IoT specifically the cloud is a very bad thing as you're letting big companies access your proprietary IoT devices they sold to you which can and will be used in any way possible to collect and sell data. It's a bit like having a gatekeeper at your front door that wouldn't let you in if you are not nice to him.Not sure. I know that "Stress causes the adrenal glands to fire off adrenaline. This gives you a burst of energy to deal with stressful situations. Adrenaline also raises the heart rate, increases respiration, dilates the pupils, slows down digestion and causes muscles to contract.

3am is when your liver regenerates. To do so, it needs glycogen. The problem is that adrenaline causes your cells to use up glycogen. So if you are often stressed, your body may not have enough glycogen for the liver to regenerate at 3am. If your liver cannot get the glycogen it needs, your adrenal glands will compensate by releasing adrenalin, which is why you are wide awake and ready for action, not exactly a state you want to be in at 3am."[source](http://www.rejuvinstitute.com/why-do-i-always-wake-up-at-3am) and I have been stressed for weeks now.Ah had that too once a while ago. Was at my grandparents house cause I was renovating my living space. Kept hearing stuff from the walls and the bed felt like it was shaking very mildly This picture spooked me. It was 3AM(yes, stress issues) and I woke up to this which MY partly operational brain defined as a monsterThat syncing means it's downloading every transaction. Ever. It can take a while based on your connection but I'd let it run at night whilst you're asleep. 1.10 is the version of Core. The syncing is needed as that's how crypto worksObsession with his girlfriend. It was manageable until he started going to school again which now makes his days training/school/girlfriend. He doesn't really respond to texts, only thing he send in months is "come ap", he uses WhatsApp and I use Telegram. His girlfriend is anti-social scum, she's a 15 year old associated with wannabe gangs, I don't like it. One time we went camping and he couldn't stop texting her all day and calling all nightYes little johnny give us your data Tech supportBecause mainstream society is stupid and thinks TPB is all illegal. You'll probably won't be arrested but they're probably going to question you why you were on TPB.But what if Cisco did thisStepping into a police station saying "I found CP on TPB" doesn't sound lik a smart idea#bald4bieber ;)Privacy and Facebook. Two opposite things.Oh, right. I thought that was bluestacks and Inspect Element at first.Does it have seeders?I'm in the same situation. I have a PS4 and a bunch of games but no one to play with. I've read in another comment that you play GTA, which is my favorite game! Do you want to play together?Ah cool, I'm currently playing GTA online a lot. Also watch_dogs 2, Fallout 4 and CoD BO3. I'm looking for a nice new game but can't seem to find anyOh. What games do you play on PS4?Thanks!He's maybe some non-developer trying to load a webpage but accidentally opened a Json APII need this add-on, where can I get it?Do you play GTA online on PS4? Would love to have some people to play with as I'm currently only getting matched with people not older than 7I like to harvest features from Messenger for my own app... :)Play PS4ctrl+alt+TI can relate, the world is hard.Fuck off fucking normieJack Ruselel Humanity This sounds awesome/way better. I'm gonna make an updated version later.This is why "the cloud" is bullshit and doesn't workThey're acting like LGBT people have rights, which they don't have/r/privacy Civ V does that I only use open source software, use plugins to block anything Facebook, cover my face in public to make sure I'm not being recognized (also by cameras with face detection/scanning)Someone once told the teacher in my school that I was hacking. The teacher was surprised as I haven't been logged on in their logs for months since I've been live-booting Linux Mint. Also all traffic they saw was VPN traffic to my home IP.
Yes, there was a BIOS password but they left the boot order to boot from USB first.
A couple weeks later they reinstalled their windows copy on the machine for "safety reasons"Let's make some kind of app that's constantly sending out signals to turn on sex toys with known exploits nearby. Reactions will be priceless :)Might be. Companies are known to use this(OneDrive on Linux for example).I was thinking about softwaregore. It's mostly asshole design cause Google of course does it intentionally so people use droidTo not use it. They track everything back to you by analyzing your browsing history(like buttons etc)A lot of people, including me, don't use Facebook because of privacy issues with the site.Now where's the source code?Open source software development to safe the mainstream people from Facebook, Apple, Microsoft etc.Minecraft for sure.Where can I visit?This made me laugh with noodles in my mouth at work, thanks!We shall defend Kids these days get invited to Tumblr by their friends. Next thing you know they're an qwerty-sexual transgender feminazi SJW with rainbox colored hair and a daddy kink. I have to completely agree with you.NO!This needs to be a meme from now onLet's draw an SSD next to itIn that case, we have a planI'm trying to help as much as I can to stop this bullshit. Sadly my family is addicted to Facebook and no one even thinks about leaving WhatsApp.Reading "Is Facebook a structural threat to free society" and I'm just screaming "Fuck this company what a bunch of fucking piece of shits all Facebook employees should die in a really slow painful death and their corpses should be burned"As they can't expect you to have mobile data I don't even think you need to verify your email. My trick mostly works on paid wifi hotspots.Idk. Probably a bunch of Windows fanboys crying their OS is being abandoned by people switching to Linux.Scan network for MAC addresses and spoof your MAC to one someone has already registered. /r/linuxmasterraceIs this thing open source? Would love to make my own version [360](http://images.wikia.com/humorpedia/images/c/c5/120px-360_moonwalk.gif)I can't? Let's try: Nigga