Given how my current rig is an old laptop after I got back from travelling and I won't be upgrading anytime soon I may as well add my name to the growing list of entries. 

Hope OP delivers for the lucky winner. 

Good guy OP. I'd buy you a beer. Receding is a much worse look than being bald. Embrace it and don't delay in taking it off.

Source: A guy who took too long to accept it and now shaves.I'm on 77100 with 25 minutes to go. Can't say I'm bothered enough to pay the 30 donuts. Bohemia will get an event that means they get a podebrad (?) on the throne after their interregnum ends. What you need to do is RM Bohemia and watch them closely until they get a Von Hapsburg on the throne. The window between getting your dynasty and the Podebrad event is small. Once you get your dynasty on their throne you have a little time to act. Claim their throne and go to war. 

Hungary has a similar event however they get a Von Hapsburg so you just RM, wait and then claim throne when you want.

You have to actually claim their throne through the diplomacy screen to get the CB (incase you didn't know). 

Edit: claim throne is an option when you share a dynasty, have a RM and they have no heir or an heir with a weak claim. 

Edit again: Post 1500 Austria can get separate missions to restore the union with both Bohemia and Hungary. He was asked if he felt we started well against united and answered no not really. It was a very negative answer. From my spot in the stands I'd say we started pretty decent against a much stronger side. Certainly didn't think it was that negative. 

We were a bit sluggish and lacked any effort in a couple of breakaways we had however as manager surely he's the one who tells the team what to do. Look to break, hold position and don't push too far etc so how the team lines up is down to him. 

When Seb was sent off, I looked down to the bench and either Moyes hadn't seen it or just wasn't interested. He just sat there looking miserable. I'm going to agree with other people here, I think he took this job because he felt he should not because he wanted to. Bingo. Can't argue with that. I was impressed by the speed with which we replaced Big Sam instead of dragging on finding a replacement but Moyes just doesn't seem to be able to cut it anymore. He really hasn't been the same man since United. 

We need to decide on how we are going to rebuild next season because we need to bounce back. Sleep is also affected by a lack exposure to daylight during the day and blue light coming from your computer screen. There is a chance that sleeplessness is caused from sitting at a computer for hours at a time rather than Eu4 directly. 

Try to get some fresh air and daylight when it's available. You should also install f.lux onto your computer which alters the colours coming from the screen so you get considerable less blue light. There is an app called twilight that you get on your phone that does the same thing. 'Off of' I was planning on telling steam not to update automatically. Is that a thing? Will the new patch mess up achievement runs? I'm in the middle of a pretty lucky, fun, long run with some achievements earmarked. Is there anyway to avoid it? Helping out
I used to think this set was awful, expensive and I didn't want it. I managed to buy a cheap copy on gumtree as part of a bundle. 

I decided to build it anyway and I really enjoyed it. It was more fun than a lot of other sets. 

Not entirely sure Labour can do much without Scotland either way. 50 seats that are lost forever to the SNP. With what's left I just don't think Labour can swing enough seats to beat the Tories. Of course the current course of self destruction within Labour doesn't help. Visit Privacytools.io 

Edit: No longer on mobile.

[Privacytools.io](https://privacytoolsio.github.io/privacytools.io/)

This site contains a range of important information regarding online privacy and it is presented in a clear and easy to follow format.Nothing has changed overnight. This is just the UK officially declaring its desire to leave. Now begins a long process of untangling the UK from the EU.Student loan > you'll need to fill in a form to say you are leaving the country and when that date is. You should then get anything back if you haven't earned over the threshold for repayments. Expect them to want contact details so they can keep asking for money. Legally I'm not sure if you need to pay anything if you aren't earning UK taxable income. 

Tax > If you're within the annual allowance you can claim your tax back. 

These two you will need to sort when you have a leaving date. 

Sending money > transfer wise is great for electronic international money transfers. Honestly couldn't recommend it more. Simple and the cheapest. I've always wondered with this so can anyone help on this subreddit. 

With all these more secure and private ways to communicate, why the hell do terrorists use WhatsApp and Facebook to communicate anyway? 

Edit: or at least less mainstream methods of communication. He's an "Internet personality". He was going to do some minor voice work for game. He said some stuff about immigration on Twitter I believe, Playtonic didn't like it and they dropped him from the game. BB took Dark Souls game play in a bold and fun direction. The Lovecraftian themes just make it all the better. I would hazard a guess that most people clued up on privacy would advise against tunnel bear. (I'm not one of such knowledge).

They're based in a five eyes country (Canada) however and my understanding is that legally they can be forced to hand over customer data. 

I found privacytools.io easier to follow. Haha can you imagine trying to get Reddit to agree on a writing style? 

No worries man. Thanks. My advice was more for formal writing. Of course one should not be expected to use a reference section or to adhere to any writing guidelines on a format like reddit that does not have a specific writing style. I did not make the claim that individuals should. 

However the initial point of citing the source is appropriate in any format. On a format like reddit, a link is the most appropriate method but it is still inappropriate to simply say 'a study says...' without citing your source. 

I appreciate that not everyone has an academic background and I made no claim that individuals without that are unintelligent and have little to contribute. I simply created a fake study to use as an example and could have used anything else. Don't trust anything that just says "a study says..". The study in question should be cited for all to check.

It's also piss poor writing style. Make the point and cite your evidence for said point rather then describe a study. 

'A study has shown uneducated people do not understand research because they are not appropriately trained' should be written as 'uneducated people are unlikely to understand research as they are not appropriately trained (Jones & Smith, 2017). 

Its even more frustrating when media articles say according to a new study released in this journal and then link the journal but not the journal article in question so you don't even know which of the many journal articles in said journal they are discussing. 

Edit: In a less formal format e.g. Reddit, Facebook etc however individuals should at least link the study in question. My SO and I both thought the video that was shared is going to be of Trish. I'm curious as to what party of 70 is made of 50 males... especially when (female) host asked her partner if he or his friends had anything to do with the rape. The party was definitely not your standard.Rather than drum up support, all this article does is show how few people actually read anything beyond the headline. 

I expect to see it on Facebook as fact within hours. Yeah​ I frequently discuss all range of issues with female GPs. They're trained professionals.

The 3rd person in my case was a nurse just helping out. A trained professional with a 3rd person in the room. It's perfectly acceptable.

Edit: Your original comment mentioned that it was unacceptable to have a woman carry out the procedure. Aright mate I've had it done and honestly as long as you don't mind a bit of gel and a handheld scanning device moving around your balls you'll be fine. 

There will be two people present for reasons and you'll be asked to take off your pants and lie on the bed. Mine was a bit like going to the dentist chair. The Dr rolled up some paper towel and asked me to use it to hold my penis out of the way. I laid there whilst she scanned and we made small talk. 

It's a simple and inoffensive procedure. The Dr will tell you if what they find is worth worrying about and hopefully it'll be nothing.

Edit: I don't think they'll be able to tell if it is cancer there and then but they'll have a better idea. I was all good so I can't advise beyond that. You'd probably enjoy The Righteous Mind by Jonathan Haidt then. SHMEATBridge to tearing my fucking heart out.*Probably the best course of action! All the best with it!Once you completed all the lost luggage for act 1, you then complete a final day of tasks to get it.

I dare say you're only way now is to pay donuts at a later date.A big decorative globe that you get from completing the travel tasks from week 1 or 2 of the event.Get on my shelf.Where is over here? US? I don't mean to say that it wasn't in the press I just mean that it seems a lot of people have moved on from it rather quick. In my experience, I have found that the silent majority is mostly apathetic about politics and in real applications. The whole Brexit issue was a huge distraction from a lot of problems in Britain. My cynical mind tells me that the media had nothing to gain from pushing the anti-Blair agenda post-Chilcott so beyond reporting it they quickly moved on. I tend to feel that if it isn't in the papers then most Brits do not offer an opinion on it or think about it. 

This is just my experience as a Brit in a rather uneducated, poor, working-class part of the country but hey mileage may vary.

I'm curious as to what most Americans feel about Bush and his role in the Iraq War.I dare say a lot of Brits still view him like they did when he was PM. The Chilcott Enquiry came and went with little mainstream fuss. No doubt he'll advise him on how best to go to war illegally... And come out smelling of roses. Figured it was a spear/lanceYes and you need to place the plane to unlock Norbert as a character. I thought If they haven't agreed a new lease and neither the landlord or the tenant has given notice of leaving then it would go automatically onto a rolling monthly? OP would need to check the tenancy agreement. (I realise OP isn't specifically asking about this but a new property). Complete the daily travel quests I. E. Get 420 lbs of tobacco from X.... Then when you have all the lost luggage you get the landing strip with the red biplane. Place it and it unlocks Norbert as a character. Complete a brief quest line for his character and you're done.Well then you have a very simple choice my friend.

1: Continue for that fix knowing you will regret it. 

Or 

2: Stop. 

Not saying it isn't difficult but it is simple. Continue or don't. If you feel you need to stop then do this one thing for you. In universities a 2.2 is classed as average. Maybe they're nervous?Planned is a weird word. Humans are incredibly flexible so things are not always planned. 

However it sounds like you might want to explore proximate vs ultimate explanations. 

Ultimate.... Sexual behaviour evolves because it increases inclusive fitness. 

Proximate... Hormones cause these behaviours and those are the tangible things that are selected and passed on because they cause those behaviours. 

For example,  testosterone causes males to be competitive. Males that out compete other males are usually more reproductively successful. Therefore they have more copies of their genes in the next generation. Testosterone is the hormone that is being selected because it causes males to be more competitive therefore more successful. Given you like links to maps. [Here is the route](https://www.google.co.uk/maps/dir/54.8712859,-1.4419631/54.871921,-1.444349/54.8728203,-1.4469199/54.8778604,-1.4696347/54.8776005,-1.4774944/54.8806907,-1.4783364/54.8817623,-1.4788468/54.882878,-1.4809265/@54.8739528,-1.4682923,14.5z/data=!4m2!4m1!3e2) I mentioned from The board Inn up to Penshaw or alternatively once at Herrington Country Park you can just do a loop around there. It doesn't quite go passed The Stables but it's only minor detour ;).Herrington country park and Penshaw if you can get there. Can get from Farringdon to there behind The Board Inn. 

You can also walk down the old line down Silksworth, can't remember the name of it but it eventually leads along Tunstall Hill (?).Thinking of making the switch too. Just a matter of when I can be bothered. Not sure if appropriate but my God I don't half bubble whenever I see the wrap up at the end of Band of Brothers. That baseball game man.I always assumed they asked the audience members. The hidden traitor scenarios are great for banter too. The traitor also has free use of the mystic elevator which is rather OP.>The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy today (15 February 2016) named 359 businesses who underpaid 15,513 workers a total of £994,685, with employers in the hairdressing, hospitality and retail sectors the most prolific offenders.

>As well as recovering arrears for some of the UK’s lowest paid workers, HMRC issued penalties worth around £800,000.    

[Source](https://www.gov.uk/government/news/record-number-of-employers-named-and-shamed-for-underpaying) Assuming I'm doing this right... £994,685 across 15513 employees... so all those people were underpaid by £64 each...

Debenhams was the worst offender with £134,894.83 across 11,858 workers so £11 each? They may have underpaid the most in total but that doesn't make them the worst offenders in relation to what an individual is owed.

> Apparently in total since 2013.

The naming and shaming began in 2013 but this is just the most recent report. Since 2013 there have been 1000 employers named


>Since the naming and shaming scheme was introduced by the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) in October 2013, more than 1,000 employers have been named, with arrears totalling more than £4.5 million. More than £2 million in fines have been issued to national minimum and living wage offenders.

>There are currently more than 1,500 open cases which HMRC is investigating.

[Source](https://www.gov.uk/government/news/record-number-of-employers-named-and-shamed-for-underpaying)Mate it's your life so stop comparing it to anyone else. People take different paths. In the long term a year is nothing. 

The only question you need to ask your self  is this -  will you look back and think I should've fucked off for a year? A year is a year but regret is longer. If you think you'll regret it then just bloody go and stop worrying. If you think you aren't bothered then you aren't bothered.Can't remember the numbers sorry. 

Chess with Death was the only one to stick out as bland for us. Seemed to boil down to take it in turns to roll dice. 

We enjoyed here be dragons mainly because well dragons. It was a haunt that just never came up for so long so it became infamous. 

The hidden traitor haunt is likely to cause some enjoyment because you don't know who to trust. I've had an 100% love/want to play again rate with people I've introduced to this game. It was the game I cut my teeth on and I've put so many hours into it. 

You are absolutely correct though. The game massively depends on how it's been played leading up to the haunt.I'm pretty sure a lot of people are getting the hint right now but any resistance is like a limp dick. That's the joke. Original reply was a troll. They took advantage of your lack of knowledge of the UK and basically poked fun at the South East instead of addressing your question. You really do need to be careful. If your employer is as you say then you might find yourself making things worse. UK employment law (with and without a union) is not on your side. It is becoming increasingly more challenging to combat bad employer practices. 

My advice is if you can't afford to lose your job then say nothing. It sucks but there are factors here that you have little control over. 

Joining a union would help but most unions now ask you were a member prior to an incident you raise. You support the union full stop not just when you need it. The best course of action then is to increase support for said union in the workplace through recruitment of other employees. A collective issue will be easier to manage for the union and give them more clout when they're raising the problem. After all this really is a collective issue. Joining a union that is already established in the workplace is the best start. The employer should have made you aware you have the right to join a union and can inform you of any that they recognise. Of course be careful asking around about unions because you might be seen as a trouble maker by employers. Sad but true. 

If the employer does not recognise the union then they don't have to pay any attention to raised issues. Criteria for recognition of a union is they must have members that total 50% of the workforce plus 1. Any less than that and they can ignore it. 

Whilst a lot of people posting here might mean well it's not that straight forward and you might breach the terms of your employment by doing certain things. Tit for tat will not bode well for you. 

For what it's worth, the law overrides any contracts that you you sign. Just because it's in a contract you signed does not mean an employer can negate the law. Of course enforcing the law is far from easy. You also have to factor in that OP would have to pay the tribunal fee themselves. Around £1200 I believe for unfair dismissal (unless a union paid it). 

[gov.uk](https://www.gov.uk/employment-tribunals/make-a-claim)Same. Flew back from Oz mid week. Haven't pooed since. It does take time. More than 3 days. Your body is used to eating at different times and eating slightly different food. 

You've also come straight from summer where it has been light all day to British winter where it is dark early. Your body is used to dark = late instead of dark = evening. You could try an artificial light source (not a standard light but a natural light replacement)  to help on evenings. 

Try to time your meals to a more appropriate time for your routine here. 

Essentially you're going to have to push through and keep to the routine you want to have here. That starts with staying up later. 7pm to 3am is a standard 8 hrs so trying to stay in bed will be worse than trying to stay up later. If you Google those three *knights* you'll realise why. They're less than chivalrous that's for sure. > Estate agents charge landlords and tenants alike for pretty shoddy service, usually putting the bare minimum into listing a property.

You ain't wrong there mate. So an employer could not offer a full-time position to someone under 18? It sounds bizarre although that probably is the case.

So I checked [Gov.uk](https://www.gov.uk/child-employment/minimum-ages-children-can-work) and it says this.

> Full-time work
 Children can only start full-time work once they’ve reached the minimum school leaving age - they can then work up to a maximum of 40 hours a week.    
Once someone reaches 16, you may need to pay them through PAYE.
Once someone reaches 18, adult employment rights and rules then apply.
In England, a young person must be in part-time education or training until they’re 18.


Now here is the thing. It says 

> children can only start full-time work when they've reached the minimum school leaving age 


The school leaving age is 16. However, the [information about leaving age](https://www.gov.uk/child-employment/minimum-ages-children-can-work) says this

> You can leave school on the last Friday in June if you’ll be 16 by the end of the summer holidays.
You must then do one of the following until you’re 18:
stay in full-time education, for example at a college
start an apprenticeship or traineeship
spend 20 hours or more a week working or volunteering, while in part-time education or training.

TL:DR You can work up to 40 hours a week but you also need to be in part-time education or training. 

In regards to the actual question, however, there is no information regarding a *punishment* per se, however, it will likely affect any money the child's parents would receive e.g. tax credits. The government appear to wish to reinforce the continuation of education and training but aren't looking to criminalise young people.

EDIT: You are correct.Couldn't Op just get a job? We've always found Lidl to have good cheap ingredients in. That being said all supermarkets or your local Asian shop. I think the entire line looks great! It's usually seasonal. Chances are during Easter you'll be able to get buildings that were from previous easter events, same with Halloween etc. Xmas stuff I would say is Xmas only.When the event ends is when day 13 would be available to unlock. We are currently on day 12. It's likely there as placeholder.That makes total sense. Thanks for taking the time to explain it. I appreciate what you are saying.

I agree that one of the best things about Giant Bomb is that philosophy that you mention and I certainly enjoy it more compared to other reviewers out there. If I disagree I can at least understand where they're coming from because their arguments are usually well articulated.Perhaps you're right. I can't remember the context, however. I do remember thinking is this really a gaming issue although it was definitely a hot mess!I did not know that that had happened. I can understand how that would be an issue. Was it Jeff that said it? I honestly do not know names and voices.I know.I see what you mean. Looking at it that way is certainly different. If I took it to mean that then it would change my opinion on it.

It came across to me however just arrogant in a manner. Somewhat dismissive and defensive. Less of here is an articulated argument why and more of I like this game so fuck that. I honestly can't remember the context however so perhaps I'm interpreting it incorrectly.

For what it's worth, I enjoy their deliberations and hearing arguments for why a game is good.You take that 90kg relative and using superior counterweight technology you launch them 300 metres. You don't need that kind of negativity in your life. On day one I heard the phrase "I don't care these are our awards' a couple of times and I found it irritating. It's just a douchy phrase. 

EDIT: I can't remember the context in which it was said.

EDIT AGAIN: I think the phrase itself is rather dismissive but in context, I certainly appreciate where they are coming from.This shit sets up more walls than it does knock them down.They have [mystery gifts](https://tstoaddicts.com/2016/12/21/2016-winter-event-101-mystery-gifts/) you can buy in the store that randomly gives you items from previous years. You spend that money on those gifts.

If you have all the items you can get then it doesn't show up (I think).Sounds fun. :D Does the freezing chamber come with a Han solo in carbonite piece?I hope you have a lot of fun building them! This game was so good. Different racing vehicles and delivering eggs by plane. Ahead of its time. Haha! Was it good lasagna?Store bought lard. 

Also do not open your oven door until they're ready to come out. Enjoy your attrition only with 160 player base... *realises he's still in Oz for another month* 

son of a..... As someone who has used Grand central a lot to do this route. This is the best advice here. They do very cheap fares and they do them direct. A lot of trains go to Newcastle then you switch to local transport. Make sure you book a direct as grand central do offer London -  Newcastle -  Sunderland as well as London -  Sunderland. The train is arguably better than the bus. 

Only downside is you'd need to get the tube from Heathrow to King's cross. The landlord should give you an inventory of issues that you need to agree with when you move in. I say should because I doubt it often happens. 

Photographing the condition of the property when you move in is great advice to ensure you can prove you left it in a similar state. /r/freedonuts is legit. It is run by people who have access to hacked versions of the game. They log in to your account with their version and give you the stuff you ask for; donuts, cash or event items that you can no longer access.I see now I'm no longer on mobile. Seriously good stuff. Subbed.

Out of curiosity, how does one make this stuff?Okay now can you do some Banjo Kazooie please? 

Seriously though this is really enjoyable. The long term partner is the best for raising offspring but dat short term partners sexy sexy genes though. I only jest.

However, postgrad courses are essential to progress a career in Psychology. Our Uni used to tell everyone how Psy grads were the most employed out of all of their courses. Trouble is, very few got any jobs related to the degree without a postgrad course or extensive additional training. The degree was the first rung on a very tall and expensive ladder

Tbf most degrees fit into that useless category on their own.And the trident obsession. Should've got a BSc in Psychology.The lawyer probably also assumed he could bully OP and get a settlement. A lot of people trust lawyers and would be too scared to risk court. Heck, some people probably couldn't afford a consultation with another lawyer to tell them it's BS.There's a good chance his lawyer advised him the judge was unlikely to side with the Dad. There's always a risk but come on, I can't believe a lawyer took on the dad's case. Suck it up for 5 months. You risk antagonising the situation and your 'legit'  landlady might not be so legit if you kick up a fuss. Renting without a contract leaves you at the mercy of your landlady unfortunately.

Next property get a ~~contract~~ tenancy agreement. I have 24gb free and it happens to me on Android often.

*Anecdotally* I have noticed that if I tap the notification on the lock screen so when I open my phone the app immediately opens, it breaks the app. I then have to close it and the download starts when I next go on the app.

If I open the phone and then open the app by clicking the app but not the notification then it doesn't happen. It seems to work for at least.

This could entirely be my imagination. The app on Android does seem buggy at times.