If that's genuinely the case, then Trump - personally - had incited violence.  Whether violence was committed is largely irrelevant, just the icing on the cake.

Yup, inciting violence is illegal.Why does Trump want to kill it?  The title answers the question: because it is effective.

Trump and his friends want smaller Government, less regulation.  Regulation stifles unchecked growth.  The wealth hoarders want unchecked growth.  They don't want regulation getting in the way of their evil deeds - regardless of how crucial that regulation is to a healthy future workforce.  (The wealth hoarders want the wealth now, today - not tomorrow - and can afford to keep themselves safe and well; the workforce... there'll always be someone looking to feed their family regardless of the conditions or futility of it all.)

It's a war between classes and, as is often the case, those with the deepest pockets will win.Huh.  Funny you should say this.  I did some personal IT work for a family of (born into sickening wealth) wealthy conservative people, who were entertaining other equally (born into sickening wealth) wealthy conservative people, maybe 20 years ago.  They referred to themselves as homo*superior*.  They were serious.What we consider to be "crimes against humanity" seriously need to be redefined.Yup, excessive heat certainly does kill stuff faster.  Typically by compromising the supporting stuff.  Which then has a cascading effect on the more important stuff.  (That diode near that IC fails to act like a diode due to excessive heat, the IC may take current where it shouldn't, bye-bye IC.  The diode may or may not short.) The point to acknowledge here is that running the IC at the rated temperatures doesn't over-stress the IC even in the longer term  since it is engineered with those tolerances in mind.  The same goes for the support components.

The 980Ti has a safe running temperature greater than 84c.  At 84/85c it will - at stock - retard itself to ensure the temperature remains well within a safe range.Consider this: when those components are surface mounted, the heat that melts the solder is around 220c to 280c (depending on solder type).  The components themselves will be tolerant to around 400c in small doses.  At real world higher running temperatures - think 95c+ - the functional properties of the components change at a microscopic level, introducing an exponentially higher chance of computational errors.  The hardware becomes unstable.  Crashes.

Cooling a component after reaching those higher running temperatures may induce stresses at the joints if the cooling is sudden and significant - temperature-related joint fatigue - but won't otherwise damage them.  Extreme fan curves aren't necessary if the equipment runs within its specifications.

What will damage those components, though, is introducing more current than they are rated at.  Perhaps by overclocking, for instance.

tl;dr Running at the rated temperatures is fine.  Cool to personal taste.Trump actually made that thinly-veiled threat to Comey?  What is going through that man's mind?  Is he trying to self-destruct in the most spectacular way imaginable?$400 *billion*.  Not $400 million or $4 billion.  It isn't a typo.

Let that sink in for a few moments.

Now how does that make you feel?But can it run ARMA 3?You vork in an ER but haf no kompassion.

Interesting.

Zery interesting.

Dokotor Mengele, iz zat you?Yup.  I imagine a few folk being diagnosed with PTSD today...Testicles.  They're between both front pockets.  And it *really* hurts.Maybe, just maybe, the offer to volunteer wasn't presented to her?  Perhaps the vast majority of the passengers weren't even aware of the eviction lottery until after the fact?Dude'll need a hip replacement after being dragged through and over that uncooperative arm rest.  Hell, 85% of that struggle could have been avoided if they'd placed the arm rest in the upright position first.  I really cant see where anyone involved in the actual forced removal stopped and thought about what they were doing.In this world?

Implying that somebody must use force against you does not translate to you using force against another.  It is barely even orbiting the realm of passive aggression if it has to be *implied*.  It really is that simple.I find it hard to equate being uncooperative (or even uncooperative *and* distressed) as  implying intended violence.  It even takes a formidable step to imply *passive* aggression.Ok, I can buy this.  Thanks for taking the effort to research it.

But...  The flight went on with the guy on board.  He was allowed to return.  The flight took off.  So, ergo, that ruling doesn't stand.   The victim, personally, can't have been interfering or trespassing.No.  You are implicitly *absolutely nothing.*  Please!  That's not even trying.He got off.  He got back on.  Big tube with wings took to the air anyway.  So there was an alternative option.

What's your next argument in favour of pulling a harmless customer out of their seat and dragging them barely compos mentis off the plane?

Seriously, I'm interested.  I personally can't think of one single justifiable reason to treat a harmless person the way he was treated, but whatever psychosis you're afflicted with seems to let you justify the unjustifiable, so impress me...

What would you do to a kid who spilled his milkshake at McDonalds, for instance?  Would it involve a taser?  Genital cuff?Ok.  Thanks for that.Citation please.Offer the "incentive" to somebody else?  

From what we learned, he was allowed back on the flight.  The flight departed.  Therefore somebody else was incentivised.  That's what the airline should have done in the first place by canvassing the whole passenger list, not some pool of candidates whose criteria fit the kind of person whose patronage the airline didn't mind losing.

That's the alternative.  Assault should NEVER be an option.I fly regularly, I know the drill.  But sorry dude - his name was picked at random from a pool of candidates the airline had no qualms with inconveniencing.  He, a valid ticket holder, booked in and seated, chose not to be inconvenienced *and discriminated against* for the airline's benefit, and was then assaulted.  ASSAULTED.

He broke NO laws.

Dress it all you want, but nothing of what we saw can be justified.  Ever.  He wasn't a criminal, a danger to anyone, he was a customer that was treated like a fucking animal for refusing to give up his legitimate place in line.

If you think that's acceptable, take a long, hard look at yourself.I think assault and battery charges will be the tip of the iceberg on this one.  I'm sure several of his human rights were also violated.Remember folk, this all happened because the flight was overbooked.  That's all.  Over.  Booked.

Imagine what could have happened if he accidentally pissed on the toilet seat...To start with, log into your account or phone them and activate your free boost.  (They activate immediately if you phone them.)  See how it rolls afterwards.They could call them "animatronics" since they're *animating* a character with *electronics*.  I can imagine these *animatronics* taking movie and TV production by storm.  Disney may be onto something here and I imagine everyone else must be kicking themselves.Going for the old "distract the filthy peasants with a convenient conflict" strategy...Just gotta sing your heart out!And how's that going for us?  How's that "...make it so that it's good everywhere..." going?  It isn't, is it?  And it isn't going so well cos folk the world over can't stomach the thought of giving something away that *they* never had to pay for in the first place.  But - hey! - so long as they aren't the ones dodging death every day, right?  Right?  So long as it is always somebody else then we can comfortably throw our ideology around - and just "don't see it."It's a big country with lots of room to spare.  Likes to give everyone willing to graft an opportunity to improve their lot in life.  They let your descendants in.

Makes perfect sense.Fuck, that Tweet stings like salt rubbed on sunburn.Spent 15 years with Debian and will extol its virtues at every opportunity.  Largely happy with Mint as a daily driver though - talking about LMDE here, not the Ubuntu edition (though I have nothing against the Ubuntu editions).  Debian stable (raw), however, graces the home server and a handful of VMs I privately lease.I run Mint, OS X and Windows.  I don't trust Windows, OS X is like something Fisher-Price threw together, and Mint gives me enough rope to hang myself.

If I didn't need Visual Studio, or develop apps for iOS, or enjoy competitive gaming, I'd only have one machine and it'd run Mint.Two words: military economy."Do as I say, not as I do." - Donald Trump, probably.So we should paste the bitches face all over the planet till the end of time.Who needs a 401k when you can just roll your own POTUS retirement fund?Shhh!  You're in danger of learning some team building skillz, bitch.It's a form of griefing, so yup.So why main?  Why not... be a team player?  And, er, pick a Hero that compliments the rest of the team instead of - oh, I dunno - being a selfish cunt?In which case they're complicit in Flynn being up to no good, or Trump looks like a dick for parking his other dick on the NSC.  Another "win" for Trump either way.Eggs.And this will never be abused by, I don't know, cooking the books so you appear broke at the time of death..?  I mean, it's not like they can serve time post-mortem...

That's a clever stunt he's trying to pull, and it's as obvious as his stupid fucking hair style.He got his hands on an early copy of the Betty DaVos-certified History curriculum.His life's a lie.  It's all he knows.Has Trump been talking to Erdogan lately?What have the Romans ever done for us?!Many a truth spoken in jest.Sure.

Any good defrag application will just run a TRIM command on the SSD anyway, so defragging an SSD will perform some maintenance but it certainly won't defrag it by shuffling files around to improve performance in the old spinning rust way.

It is safe to defrag an SSD if the defrag application recognises SSDs.

Edit:

Wow!  Ignoramuses and that downvote button...

http://www.hanselman.com/blog/TheRealAndCompleteStoryDoesWindowsDefragmentYourSSD.aspxCCL https://www.cclonline.com/
Overclockers UK https://www.overclockers.co.uk/
Scan https://www.scan.co.uk/

I've bought from all and had no issues.  It generally doesn't matter if you buy them all from one merchant if you're buying online.  You're not likely to get a discount or anything unless you have a business account.
So you optimize.  Why load an entire reddit page into your bot script to comment on a post when all you need do is fire an http POST, or call some API, at reddit?

Really, you can achieve impressive results with even 56k dialup, ncat, bash and a Raspberry Pi, if you use your head.If it's organised you can be pretty sure it'll be well thought out.  I'd be very much surprised if there *weren't* efforts in place to mask the origins.Yup.  Regularly use Tor for automated tasks.  Fire and forget.  Doesn't matter how slow it can be when I'm not sat waiting.

Often times, though, I'll have a list of quality, organised exit nodes that perform well.  Out of common decency I'll only hop through them if high bandwidth is necessary.

I'm "just some guy" running the odd penetration test for the odd customer; if it was my full time job, with the remuneration/funding I'd demand, bandwidth wouldn't be an issue, and I'd likely also lease a botnet for heavy lifting.Tor.

It's great at anonymising shitposters, costs zilch, and you can appear to originate from almost anywhere.The ego of the man!  He fucks everyone up the ass then wants an entire month dedicated to its awareness.Pucker up big boy!A beard and sunglasses, covered by traditional dress, can go a long way...I dunno.  "Racism" suggests racist intent.  I was more drive-by contextualising.I'm trying really hard not to see the genius in this...

The guy's in his 70s.  His time is, thankfully, coming to an end.  10 years at most is all the fat, ginger cunt has.

He wants to retire in lavish comfort, but with the least impact on his own finances.

Old man.  Florida.  Golf.

*POTUS is his retirement, and the tax payer is his retirement fund.*

It *is* genius.It's for an entirely different kettle of fish.  You'll not be geared up 100% of the time.  Maybe you'll be tailing discreetly, for instance.  You'll have a side arm and phone under your discrete wear, with an AK under rags or in the car/van *if need be*.  It's a common sight, there if you need it, and you won't stand out like a sore thumb (you're just another raghead as far as anyone else is concerned).  Ammo will also be plentiful.Fill in an issue report.  I had a similar issue with my G933s.  The issue was resolved two updates later.  Coincidence?  Maybe.  Or just maybe they were listening.Not quite...  He's still above 0%.No immunity!  Push the fuckers hard then subpoena them.  Don't budge an inch.  This fucker will take the wrap for everyone and everything, walk away without a moment's loss of liberty, and settle onto some comfortable corporate board before disappearing into obscurity.

Don't let that happen.  No deal.The investment of time she places in an intern or two who'll do the heavy lifting while Ivanka's sitting pretty on daddy's stubby nub in the Oval Orifice...If only!  His insane ramblings are spreading throughout the cosmos via radio waves at the speed of bigly: he's an embarrassment to reality itself.There's a rumour I just started suggesting Donald Trump's grandchildren share DNA *directly* with their grandfather...Whoa dude!  Too many ~~syllables~~ grownup words!  You'll ~~haemorrhage~~ break their ~~under-developed~~ tiny brains!Style over substance again?

Thanks.  I'll hold out for PvZ:GW3 from PopCap.I was fearful of fears as a kid.  I was so fearfully fearful I'd often be tearfully fearful of fears.Whoa!  Flashbacks!

Bright room!  Laid on a table!  Those big, black almond-shaped eyes!  Voices seemingly *in my head!* That silver metal phallus puncturing my nest of clincers!  And *that* whirr..!

The sound of mechanical arms dancing over my paralysed younger self...

<shiver />They tune into r/all each day specifically to read the latest instalments on the greatest soap opera in the world.A single quote gets me every time, "...They should have sent a poet..."Ah, you guys!  30:0 in warmup, 0:30 in game!It may be a first world problem, but SSDs made me rethink my old boot-time routi --

Edit: Sorry.  Already at the login screen.  Gotta go.Doesn't matter how many dots there are.  If you can't show a straight line from point A to point B there's no way anybody of substance will prosecute.Glad you've moved on from the log-in thing.  It annoyed me at first, but the benefits of the software outweighed the minor inconvenience (and the telemetry collection).

As for your colour issues I would really get in touch with the devs - I think this is one of those cases where they actually listen, since all the issues I've raised have been resolved.Shadowplay for simplicity and convenience.  It gets better with each release.Nail meet head.  You make encryption unavailable to an undesirable demographic and that demographic will just roll their own solution.  Banning encryption will just take it away from the legitimate user; the illegitimate user will simply work around the ban 'cos, well, they're the bad guys.  Duh.Weren't policies put in place to ensure this didn't happen?  Is somebody's head gonna roll over this?Of course there should be restrictions.  Knives can be dangerous.  Cars can be dangerous.  Chemicals can be dangerous.  But mathematics - whether that be cryptography or E=mc^2 - isn't.  That it is enabling is irrelevant.  There is no all or nothing, I was attacking the idiocies of banning something simply because it may be abused when, in reality, everything can be abused.There's evidence of foul play from the start here.  It may only be circumstantial at this point, but it is suggestive enough to divide a country.  A planet.Sure is - you're absolutely right.  And you'll get called out at ASDA for buying a set of kitchen knives.  But that doesn't stop me from walking into my private kitchen, take a privately owned knife from the knife rack, and parking it in the neck of another private citizen.  What stops me from doing that is my mental state.  Not the fact that certain knives in public are illegal.

Point is, making everything illegal will only serve to make everyone a criminal without changing anyone's mentality for the better.So pass a bill criminalising personal encryption.  Then, while they're at it, pass a bill making private knife ownership illegal; pass a bill making car ownership illegal.  Follow that up with legislation making anything and everything that can be abused illegal, like - I dunno - education, or public toilets, maybe umbrellas, and paper airplanes...  Because, y'know, terrorists and shit.

Take away everything innocuous.

When all is said and done, I'm more afraid of - and more likely to lash out at - the fucktards in suits aimlessly wandering the halls of power with their bright ideas than I am of some unlikely nutjob with a chip on their shoulder (possibly because of some fucktards in suits ticking folk off with their bright ideas).

The biggest threat to anyone's freedoms are the fuckers with the power to criminalise them.It's because the speed of dark is faster than the speed of light by ever so much.This is going back a long, long time ago...

So I was working at an R & D company testing the software.  I wasn't a coder.  Anyway, there was a nasty memory leak bug that caused a software component to crash over time.  We were close to shipping but the bug had been persistent for months.

So one day the dude working on the offending component went to make a deposit in the men's toilet leaving his copy of Visual Studio open.  And - lo! - the buggy component's project was loaded.  I gave it a sly once over and saw some really dodgy pointer arithmetic on a constant buffer in a familiar workflow.  Some really, really bad memory writing without any sanity checks - true fire and brimstone falling from the skies type stuff.

Anyway, I threw a quick check in there just as the guy was returning: "What are you doing?!" he asked.  (The guy had a degree in marketing, which explains the exclamation mark.)

"What are *you* doing!?" I mocked.  Then highlighted the issue.  We ran the build, thoroughly testing it and - whoop! - the damn bug had been squashed!

I was promoted to code monkey that week - the company Director had no idea I was fluent in C/C++ as well as English.Nah, not spiteful.  Trump thinks John Galt was a real person, masturbates to a photo of Ayn Rand, subscribes to Objectivism, and genuinely believes industry will regulate itself.

In other words, he's a selfish fucktard.Not true.  Watergate took two years.Yes, *Barbie and the Legend of the Fetid Vagina*.

My girls were really looking forward to it.No *definitive* evidence.  I.e., in an ongoing investigation, there is no smoking gun at this time.

This is a world away from your "no evidence" claim.Blair Witch 2 influence?My kid watched some YouTuber open purchased sticker packs on PvZ:GW2 the other night.  Completely engrossed.  Wanted me to buy hundreds of packs with cash for the chance to win a special hat.  The kid was, and is, adamant I part with money.  PvZ:GW2 is a PEGI 7 game here.

PEGI 7.  (PEGI 6 in some territories.)

That's a huge indictment against the publisher.So true.  You'll not see a court room AND end up on the board of directors for some questionably unethical corporation some place.  Possibly a cabinet seat in some equally questionably unethical Government for the shitz and giggles too...If you need to know how much money you can take out of the bank then you're not wealthy enough to be above the law.Let your reps know that this will also impact THEIR privacy - not just your own.Make sure URLResolver is up-to-date.Not that I know of.  Software like Logitech's LGS let's you create profiles per game, but that's for the game as a whole, and LGS is as good as it gets.My sister in-law is a hypochondriac.  Chances are she's had all of these maladies.  Twice.A cock.  Trump is a *cock*.  A flaccid phallus with a ginger tuft.Fellow citizens?

Folk like this don't have 'fellow' anything.  They're in it for themselves, and they're a law unto themselves.  Consider him an outlaw - and not the butch, romanticised version we see on TV: a traitor to his species, who is willing to destabilise entire nations for profit.  Kill him.  Kill him with fire.  Show him the same degree of contempt he's shown the world.  Then, go after his friends.  Burn them all.  Show no mercy.  And so on and so forth.