Try r/antarcticanomalies Always upvote the Awan Story I'm yet to see an archieve which can be fully relied upon. Imagine that won't happen until there's some blockchain based systemYes, but the amount of the internet observed by us is pretty small. We can often fall into the trap of saying 'everyone is on the internet and we know internets so we know everyone' - sadly doesn't work that way. Is on pause while I get my essays done, but atm it's my life. Great stuff I agree, but think that it's generally based on a perception that it "feels" like there are less at tge weekend. Well at the time this thread was posted someone responded "shillbot" to every post. Imagine they'll respond when they're next online. (Ironically, if a Shill that'll be Monday morning). Calm down Clarkson. Let's wait for May to get back to us aha If this was a video game and you were trump, what would you do? 

Think conspiratorially. 
Which alliances would matter? 
What's the priorities? 
What's the danger? 

A worth doing thought experiment. I'd let them go, but leave the door ajar incase they want to reach out later. As in, I'd become passive in the relationship but wouldn't actively get rid of them. 

As for my own journey, I've found that people like to ask me for my opinions on a variety of topics because I dripfeed comments here and there. Then when they ask me, I'll be honest but imply I'm not saying everything etc. 

One friend and I talk about all sorts for the last year. Then a couple of weeks back we met up and they asked 'so which conspiracies are definitely true' and in you go with the sales pitch (as it were). They're currently watching as many videos about 9/11 as they can. I didn't follow the story closely but my awareness of it was limited to £500bn in accounting errors. 

As for who did the work, barely any of the work or 'results' in the first couple of months were ever going to be the new admin. Malfunction, yes. 
Bot? I don't think so. Read the comment history, don't see anything repetitive and there's a lotta anti-CIA/NSA stuff in there. My working hypothesis too. If that's what snopes and /u/CTR_ShareBlue_Worker say then that must be true /s 


Headlines claiming that the head of a department personally did the grunt work is never (/very rarely) accurate. 

The second half seems to be a case of headlines vs copy. Must have been popular then. Grabbed another book toward the end and that was likewise published in 1989. 

I'll be completely honest, perspective influenced by my favourite trilogy (nightangel - brent weeks), then Scott Adams blogs and Jonathan Langdale's Twitter. Plus rewatching x-files. 

Seems to be a good starting place to muse on these things.  

I think the UK is too far away :( Warfare is the extension of Diplomacy. 

One (fake) chem attack and 59 rockets and the status quo has changed. 

North Korea and China have been put on notice. 

Russia on path to have sanctions lifted. 

Trump continues journey from "Hitler" -> incompetent -> "effective but I don't like it". 

Also, SCOTUS happened. 

The game is being played, I just hope it doesn't play out like Ender's Game. Yeah fair enoughYeah that makes sense. 

I guess I don't see a reason why it couldn't be a reddit feature, if not a bot. That was beautiful It's all good! I enjoyed it and wanted to be constructive :) Interesting! I've said elsewhere that I'm persuaded by Langdale's idea that this is a game being played out and that Assad will step down within a couple of weeks. Once those weeks go by I'll reconsider depending on what's happened. A decent bot would just do this for us. It must be possible post-spezgate I'm sure. Or just make it a reddit feature... It's there, he said: 

>This type of group think disgusts me. Trump said no regime change! No fucking regime change and now we're fucking bombing Syria....

[On this thread here](https://np.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/63xnc3/alert_big_takeover_attempt_by_cucks_i_have_never/)

What's more impressive is that he was banned with a positive vote count. I guess they were trigger happy given the anti-shill narrative (falsely equating dissent with shills). How interesting. I've been interested in ME (hence lurking a bit) but first case of 'experiencing' it, at least this clearly... 

ThanksYou say this as if there's a theory that he used to have a silver leg? 

Spez: No, forgive me, you're saying that people think he had a silver leg? I never would have described him as having a silver leg - he's gold all over - right? Agree with you As a short exchange, I actually quite liked this. Only thing that weakened it for me was this: 

> "Sorry what?" I don't know what I expected Death to be like, but frat boy was definitely not in mind.

Then 

>"Usually when this happens, Death isn't so... young."

Your character switches from no idea, to a good idea of what death is like. I'd tweak this to make it consistent and then it'd be less jarring. 

I like the idea of a world where there's by-laws for death/spiritual related things, and funky curses as punishments though! Seems the Aliens like to stack troops in Australia ala Risk style. If I had time, that's how I'd write the scenario. There's a game playing out, but you're looking at the wrong place. 

Must watch [This Video about Kanye](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q54r3euu3aY&list=WL&t=239s&index=55) It's got a stupid title but the timeline is worth watching to understand the risks he took. 

#Kanye is a hero. 

[Also, Jesus Walks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYF7H_fpc-g)

Whole thing is being gamed. 

Finally someone thinking, rather than just emotionally reaction. Good stuff OP. 
(Not sure I agree with every point but will come back and read more thoroughly later). Not a trump supporter per se but there's a working theory that, if right, says Assad will step down within roughly two weeks and that'll lead to a political win with Russia. 

So I'm suspending judgement until that theory is proved false. I meant to reply to this - sorry. 

That's really cool, and actually encouraging. Thank you so much. 

Peace Yeah I hear you. 

Think to actually get some people to discuss you have to mention it though. 

That said, there are theories and views I have I don't share here because of knowing how they'll be received - even by 'open minded' people. Assad to step down within two weeks, according to Jonathan Langdale on Twitter Totally agree, Hillary is a huge diva. You should just have asked outright if people think that he's been replaced with a clone from the Milabs. I don't know. What I do know is that I've never paid any attention to him before this all happened recently and now there's something that seems off about the whole thing. 
Old clip but yup A worthwhile thought! 

Yeah, that's possible. I'm still working through what I think of the underlying connection between humans - consciousness/spirituality/nature(ousia) and so on. Will add that to my easter watching :) Sounds like it's exactly my kind of movie. I'll have to get around to it! Curious, the ambiguity of your plural words catches my attention. 

Yes "I" must do this myself, but I don't do it alone. We don't have a shared or collective knowledge, but we do do this 'independently together'.  

I'm glad to have found this community and to read people's comments. To my shame, no. How come? This is a dangerous idea. 

Hypothetically, this would make it easier for a civilian drone to drop something on the marathon. 

Drones aren't going to end well for us. Who isn't? Regardless as the extent to which you agree, he's a must read and engage with person for these topics. Likewise, would love to make it to Gobekli Tepe Right, that makes sense. Cheers - you're a star. Yup. Hover over u/n and it says Ignore, highlight, gold or send message. 

Unsure what the highlight does? I notice an ambiguity between my rational and gut processing on this. 

Rationally, I don't go for it other than finding it interesting to have an insight into what different groups of people think. 

On a gut instinct level, it feels like there can be something in it. Thanks again for your help, one last question on it - what benefit is there to highlighting a user's? (Hover, highlight). Does it work like a tag or...? Aha! Then I'd have to wait *forever* to post this thread, unless I came back instantly... Totally an accidental timetraveler! XDHmm, interesting. 

Birth pains are a common apocalyptic metaphor for various eschatological events, particularly in the New Testament. 

I wonder if, speculation ahoy!, there's a guiding component toward the future with experiences of synchronicity? 

My issue with this stuff is always the cloudwatching phenomena - we can spot patterns in chaos that might not be legitimate patterns. Serves as a useful reminder that all internet accounts are trackable in a similar way. IC has a file in a database with your scores, history etc. 

#Panopticon They're simply using this website [ruadick.com](http://ruadick.com/user/lupineperegrinans/)

Apparently I'm "slightly positive", so... thanks? How odd. 

A piece on exegetical and homiletical methods appropriate for preaching on Mark 13. Couple of thousand words. Fun stuff Incredibly helpful! Thank youThose seem intuitive. Assuming you've disabled the preset ones for mods etc? Think I'll have to do that to avoid confusing myself. Ah that's fine. Curious, do you do a tag per colour or how do you organise the scheme with which you tag people? 

Nightmode is gorgeous btw I've been finding that I'm having to try and consciously recognise names AND whether they're helpful etc. This looks great. Cheers, your explanation has persuaded me to get it. (Was unclear on it). Will explore. "The stars fell out of the sky and the whole world burned" - sounds about right. Christian Prior to conspiracy stuff myself. Naturally we all have biases but I've found it's helped rather than discouraged my faith. Had the same reaction I'll add those to my copy of the list, cheers Some dreams are real. 

There's a certain geography to half of my dreams, often shifted forward temporally by maybe 30 years or so. It's interesting navigating Hmm, interesting. 
Tried searching for myself but wesbite kept timing outSaw comments recently saying NOT to click to claim your profile, risk of giving more data to let them target you etc Best CommentCo-incidence of April 19th is interesting given the unusual things that often happen on the 19th April as outlined [here](https://np.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/4fkyjx/today_is_okc_and_waco_seige_anniversary_what_else/)Ah, it depends. Sometimes on mobile a comment double or triple posts. 

However if it's as a response to different users or across threads then yes. So it is. My bad Interestingly one of the comments links to a discussion on it from a year before (two years ago) Search engine found this thread a year a go on the same question: Steven Segal is now Steven Seagal?
https://www.reddit.com/r/MandelaEffect/comments/4goc3c/steven_segal_is_now_steven_seagal/I've been wondering similarly. 

I think IFF its a legitimately independent thing then the reason would be theological, not tactical; establishing a geopolitical caliphate in iraq/syria as a part of the eschatological narrative they believe they're participating in. 

In that case, they both believe they will ultimately succeed and have a reason to remain. In that scenario, Europe would be a tactical retreat to solidify power and then stage a counterattack on Iraq/Syria to fulfil that ambition. 

 And even 'us' isn't 'us'. Are you on his side? 

There you go then. Misdirection. From what, not sure. But people seem to have been more engrossed in this last cycle than normal. (Apparently it does thwart your sense of humour though)It's interesting. I'll be honest, I never expected it to be as artful as it has turned out. 

Why is it called 'place'? Equally can't figure out what it does... It's weird. 
Too soon, surely? April 19th is in two and a half weeks. Metal all the way Ditto Interesting, thanks for commenting That might be who I was thinking of... Was pretty sure it was bush though. Will post sauce when I find it. Just read through those posts. 

Seems interesting. I live my life trusting my intuitive instincts so could be fun to see how that works in this kinda set up.Hey look, they made a scrap of a plane part and took amazingly good photos of it! 

You're not actually disagreeing. Both making the same point You think? If we're speeding up what's to say they haven't been speeding up? 

Amazing. And curious source. We can gamble with ideas all day long.  But if we gamble with lives and get it wrong, then that's a tragedy. Even if the premise is likely to be true, the risk of it not being makes it an uncomfortable topic to engage with.  

I myself couldn't find a meaning in suicide, nor an achievable method which would give it meaning. Having accepted that, any desire to consider it dissolved. I don't think it's likely to be an escape, and even if it were I don't see how it could offer an escape natural death wouldn't. Will do. Thanks Thank you, this was really helpful. Tommy Robinson does this too Way I see it he probably has a small list of key names and 'plots' that he has to avoid or distract from. He then probably has a larger amount of info that he believes is actually true ('sources' who play their own games with their own, sometimes competing, agendas) and then you have his 'editorial' opinions on the same stuff that everyone else is talking about. 

Take what is useful. Ditch the rest. -rolls eyes- don't jump straight to the shill accusation. I'm not defending or promoting IW. I'm saying that getting caught up in obessing overthem isn't helpful. 

Rules for engaging with any kind of media. 

Read/watch. 
Think. 
Take what is useful and credible, ditch the rest. 
Repeat. 

Some stuff on IW is helpful, some stuff is agenda, and often the two are mixed together. So eat your cherrys and spit out the stones. 
Seen that before. 

Doesn't refute my point. 

They have an agenda, most likely CIA related. That doesn't mean that there isn't helpful stuff on the website or that PJW video's don't make good points that can be shared with others. 

If you want them to be your saviour, then you'll be disappointed. If you want to add a couple of hues of colour into a black and white picture, they're helpful but not enough by themselves. 