Wow. Nice.Don't Talk to the Police: https://youtu.be/d-7o9xYp7eELove this POVDid Aubrey Plaza slap you?LOLI think that's actually a good question.Amazon link: http://a.co/5d6V2FALove Kate England.This was showing at a theatre in a town near me but I was unable to make it so I just rented it on Amazon. Pretty damn good.I know everyone is self-critical but I think its cute.Got-dammExactly.I watched Here Comes the Devil just a couple of days ago and I personally enjoyed it.Will do. Thanks.I do enjoy Carpenter's The Thing. Thank you.I watched Here Comes The Devil, based on a recommendation thread on /r/horror/, and I really liked it. But Google Search implies that a lot of people didn't care for it so I hesitate to recommend it.

Warning: it is subtitled.I think you can, I think you can, I think you can.It does but it also doesn't mandate Congress to act on the appointment within a certain amount of time. I don't like it either but it was well played.Correct. I won't use any system that requires my phone number.I don't think he defied anything. They just played the system in place.

The sad things is the Dems don't seem to be learning that the GOP plays to win.I find it depressing. Injuries are not just robbing him of reaching his potential but also robbing us from seeing him achieve it. Nobody wins.Awesome sauce.I liked this movie until he enters the Tesseract. From that point on, I didn't, and I have felt no need to rewatch it.

That said - it was really well made. And the soundtrack was awesome.They care about unborn babies and rich people.I personally don't mind plot holes and things that go unexplained. It's actually more life-like, in that regard.I enjoyed this season. It's like someone combined Nordic Noir and Twins Peaks.The first time I ran across her she was on Errotic Archives and names Mima. But according to FreeOnes, her name is Miriama Kunkelova:

http://www.freeones.com/html/m_links/Miriama_Kunkelova/She got a boob job?? She was perfect.Fuck the UK government and fuck the US government. Neither has proven to be trustworthy in regards to our rights.No thank you.How things have changed for us. The first president couldn't tell a lie while the current one can't tell the truth. Sad.I watched the entire thing yesterday, and while I wouldn't say it was horrible, I also wouldn't recommend it to anyone.Dat smile. Honestly, that is a cute expression.I don't know how one avoids being caught but good luck to you.I have been a hardcore Intel customer but it this can get done, I would really have to consider building an AMD computer.Hysterical blindness?Agreed. As a character, she really grew on me this season.It could be an experiment in having both a Netflix-style release for their online audience and a network-style release for the TV audience. 

I don't recall anyone ever doing this before and it makes me wonder if it will damage or improve the chances of a third season.That's because the yellow suit would look goofy in reel life.In the U.S., every retailer I've seen has a return policy where you can return an item within a certain number of days with no questions asked. But some of them have restocking fees, so you have to be careful.I don't understand how he even maintained an erection in order to accomplish that.I just finished watching episode six. It's so good.Agreed.What?? WHAT?? OMG.Perhaps the fact that FX is involved will change that?Of course there are good sequels but they are outnumbered by the bad ones. I'm not saying that I won't see a sequel; just that I won't go see one automatically.I have to agree with this. The Expanse is the best science fiction show I have seen in some time.Glag to see that I am not the only one who likes Trees.Personally, I find most sequels to be disappointing, so I no longer see them automatically.That's what we were told but I never researched it to determine if that was valid information.Thank you.In 2001, when my wife got pregnant the first time, our baby was diagnosed with anencephaly. We terminated the pregnancy, not just because of the terminal condition of the baby, but also because the doctor explained that carrying it to term would also increase the chance of future pregnancies resulting in the same condition.

It was horrible to lose that baby and my heart goes out to anyone who goes through this. In our case, we are fortunate to now have a wonderful 13 year old daughter.

But they're all about State Rights, remember? Or is that only when it allows people to get discriminated against?I really dig the music on this show.

I also like that they have resisted having a long flashback that explains everything that went on while he was missing. I prefer the mystery.No, they don't want people to like everyone, they just want people not to be a dicks about it.Yeah, I didn't see this coming.I'm like this, all the time, but I am ex-military.Agreed. If she wanted to, she could probably be on the show for the next four years just because of it.I don't either. The shit Trump is pulling is more outrageous than that cover.In my opinion, TouchID is a convenience feature and not a security feature. I say that based on the fact that it can work even though one is asleep or dead.This. It is grossly dangerous.Considering how any jail time at all would ruin most people, and how a conviction for either manslaughter or murder would ruin any chances for a decent life afterward, I have to say that I can see why some people would risk it.It's good to know how to do this yourself but I always thought this site was pretty cool thing:

https://crontab.guru/I know of at least one team that will overpay for talent, as they can't seem to make themselves a free agent destination otherwise.I can totally see that, as they have basically turned them into government employees. Worse, it might even encourage them to plant evidence just to get the money.LOL so true.

Personally, I have run every released version of Windows since 3.0 was except Windows ME (not wanted) and Windows 10 (not trusted).I would think that, so long as the person doing the illegal thing wasn't doing so as an agent of the government, the discovery would be admissible.Don't be so sure of that. I believe that the NBA can use whatever information comes to light, so long as they themselves didn't break the law to get it.Kind of topical - this being on /r/all. I have been listening to the Johnny Winter produced Muddy Waters albums during the last few months. They are *so* good.How does she know how many carbs to limit herself to?Thanks for the reply.I will. Thank you.A lot of his troubles were of his own making.So she's the white female version of Jessie Jackson?I am so sorry for you loss OP. I hope she lives forever in your heart and memories.That is a cool detail and I missed it.

Personally, what I really liked, is that the flaw in the Death Star was deliberately placed. So much has been made of the flaw over the years that it geeks me out to see it was intentional.I can't get to it right now, as it is in a room where someone is now asleep, but I do know it is older.It is working now. Thank you so much for your help!Thanks.That's really interesting and I think you might be right. Everything I can get to is https.

Sadly, I can't get Comcast.com to come up in order to get my account number and I don't have a bill handy.

EDIT: think I found it - will PM you.

Banning someone just for posting in a different subreddit needs to be outlawed and those who do it need to be punished.> Sure, I should definitely be banned from offmychest for that.

Reddit needs to find out who did that and ban them.This is the truth. If a company could, it would fire all employees, because employing people is not actually what they want to do.I've often wondered if this is why women sometimes give "sluts" such a hard time; since they are lowering the value of pussy by giving it away.From now on, I will refer to him as "Fondle Trump".Correct. I've said it before and I'll say it again: Turd Sandwich is low energy.I recently started walking again after 5 years of basically sitting around and getting fat. I started with 1.2 miles walks five days a week and my knees and feet were killing me after every walk.

I started on Sep 30th and I've now gotten up to 2.4 miles per walk.

Like you said, "better than yesterday".I was just thinking of all the Pedro signs.So the clinics who perform IVF aren't just creating babies - they are also creating future customers.So much cringe in that interview. Even if this were true, how did it come to light for this article? Am I missing something?That ending so freaked me out when I was twelve. The first time I watched it was on HBO:

http://imgur.com/a/mF2E6It's no worse than Googling about privacy.Giant Douche! Giant Douche!

Everyone knows that Turd Sandwich doesn't have the energy needed to lead America.I used to work for an insurance company and having the gender correct as actually important because there are some procedure codes that are only allowed for certain genders. For example, a hysterectomy.

I hope the person who did this was eventually set straight.But wasn't all of that just his ex-wife coaching the kids?I think he did. Notice that the story never mentions him pulling out.Romantic.Loved it when Bill Walton was working. Also a fan of Hubie Brown, Jeff Van Gundy, and Mike Tirico.Thank you.