360 is THC boiling point, 370 is smoke point, and 380 produces toxic byproducts from smoke (benzene, etc). I personally prefer the full smoke so I vape around 420-440 on the DT. 
  
If you are a patient you prolly want to stay below 370.

  
I have the watts in temp mode set to 60, So it heats up in temp mode really fast.
  
EDIT: Also, these devices aren't 100% accurate, so if you are a patient, you might want to start low, to prevent any problems.Nevermind had to disable, ghostery, adblock, user agent spoofer, and almost all of my plugins. I can't even login with firefox, this is getting kind of ridiculous.Couldn't you just make this sound with the built in 3xOSC and fruity blood overdrive?If there's a shell, there's a way
[Trentemoller - Moan Remix](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t64m5Lm7CrA)Android O backwards compatibility broken.Can't remember the name, but there's a custom firmware for pico, if that doesn't work it you might return it.Actually the rules the repealed were kind of bullshit anyways. 
    
ISP's and advertisers would have needed to disclose all sources of ad revenues and who was tracked, and requiring opt ins, this is good in theory, but ultimately raise the price of internet.
  
It wasn't to corrode your freedom/privacy, it was to take out the overhead of defending it, to possibly replace it with a better bill that doesn't require such expensive logging.Maybe if we file a bug report it will get fixed. 
  
Could be that it's not a persistent tunnel, and the Android os needs to re authenticate.
  
It could also be a router problem, or even ipsec configuration problem, not sure.These cancerous fools are on their way out, and figure, "Why not sell the whole world for one last shekel in my pocket?"Is there a burnt fireworks aftertaste? If so someone used simple green, you can get the sulfur out if you search this sub for "fireworks"Are those humidity packs made for oil? Which ones are they?There's no reason you would ever take the OVERHEAD cost of storing users settings on your servers, unless you got something out of it, something like spying on 90% of the worlds gaming child population, these people are sick, and they just call it the "advertising industry".What do priests and ministers have in common? They both like spying on little boys.
    
"Little boys should have nowhere to hide, whoops, I mean terrorists"Yeah that's not the point, now I won't get anything right?
   

 I still wanted promos/emails from the courses I have purchased. What do priests and ministers have in common? They both like watching little boys.
   
Awe, so you can't spy on all the boy's messages, that's too bad.lol people downvoted this song in /r/industrialmetal , fucking childrenanyone that don't like phm is either a steer or a queerSick iStick skin lolVPN is worthless against advertisers, when your browser is broadcasting a burned-in unique, personally identifiable, html5 canvas "hash". 
    
  https://panopticlick.eff.org  
   https://github.com/dillbyrne/random-agent-spoofer  
  https://github.com/kkapsner/CanvasBlocker/  VPN is worthless against advertisers, when your browser is broadcasting a burned-in unique, personally identifiable, html5 canvas "hash". 
    
  https://panopticlick.eff.org  
   https://github.com/dillbyrne/random-agent-spoofer  
  https://github.com/kkapsner/CanvasBlocker/  Sorry, I confused my responses with a post from before, how some kid had to go to the hospital over some high-risk noots, now powder city is shutting down. 

  
But it can't hurt to try to keep hype to a minimum. This sub needs to stop being such an anecdoatal pile of shit, and become more about the pharmacology like it used to be. 

  
I feel like I literally stepped through a nootropic time warp. Where a few years ago, this sub was full of useful scientific information, that made you interested in the science behind it all. 
  
Now almost every post has me guessing if OP is a shills for the products, or vendor, but it's not, it really is just another dumb anecdote that makes this whole sub just look like a bunch of self medicating fools, just looking for shady grey market stimulants.
  
  
Come on people, what in the actual, fuckGet more industry people on the show, have them publicize the live stream = problem solved. 
  
  
Cut the weeks work in half and dedicate more time to finding special guests that can boost your exposure. 

Request desktop view?If only my noob friends could do this...How would you secure a variable like this, so that a player couldn't disable fog of war, on say a multiplayer MOBA game? 
If you have a drum pad, you can click the "assign to all" button, it will go through all slices one by one (usually after auto slice), and you can assign them to "last hit", which would be the last midi drum pad you pushed.

  
I usually go and assign to all, while just pushing the drum pad I want to assign the sample to, and then pressing the "L" key on the keyboard, I can usually assign my whole mpd18 in under a minute this way.
  
Also, I usually start with an auto slice, then move/delete loop points where I want them, then I will use assign to all, and add the samples to each drum pad.http://www.ebay.com/itm/Nexus-5X-H790-32GB-Ice-Unlocked-Smartphone-/142302808280?hash=item2121e888d8:g:WtkAAOSw32lYvKxFThis band's fame is testament that YouTube's "related videos" SEO, really did used to work. I love the song "A Drive", still showing up related to a lot of good new songs these days.Not sure about that, if you don't respond to subpoena, the server may violate some kind of FCC regulation or possibly criminal codes.

   
At some point, all email has to hit an email server in clear text, whether or not a company can be compelled to store that data by the Government, or even gag ordered, while maintaining "zero user storage" policy publicly, is up for debate.The new pico mod takes 2 batteries and has a load balancing charging system.
  
Maybe just get that instead? 
  
I have the pico 75w / V3 and am noticing that the VTC5a's are lasting all day (~20-30 vapes a day) + clean burning the coil to make it white again, if it were 2 batteries, I doubt it would be easy to drain it.
The problem is, wherever there is email, a company can be subpoenaed, and this adds to the over-head of the infrastructure.

  
You could set up the email server once, and everybody in your family could use it, even remotely, with their own separate email addresses, in their own domains.

  
 It would be worth it to spend a weekend learning to implement the above stack.I heard plasma is the new eye candy de, not sure which distribution uses it.Wow smoking gun here. Especially how they arranged a Google chat video, can't believe they are getting away with this. 

  
Aspouse this type of thinking? It's code for Obama is leader of the Illuminati.Will the consumers submit and give in to mega corporations, or will they fight to secure their privacy? NEXT TIMEYou could hire somebody to set up your own personal remote email server.
  
The trick to privacy is being a PAYING customer, if it's a free service, consumer privacy protection laws don't apply to you. Even if you are paying for a Google Business email, they can't sell the data if you are paying for the service.I'm taking the Chris Bryant and Laz Diaz CCNA videos on Udemy.com right now. They say they are like $200, but they are usually on discount for like $10-20.

  
EDIT: Also, I am using the 200-125 books, from Cisco Press.No subreddit?its a conspiracy!Fact is you will never change his mind, he is right no matter what. What all his cool 'trap' friends think of him is on the line, and he care's more about his ego, and what people think of him, than you. 
  
The fact he's not being honest about this, is fact he doesn't care about you as much as his own ego. 
  
He isn't worried about you listening to dark music, he's worried about what his cool hip-hop trap-friends are gonna think if they find out you're listening to 'freak' music.
  
These type of spoiled kids never liked us NIN kids in my school, some dumb ass kids just only listen to hip-hop, and look at any type of alternative music as gay.
  
EDIT: Italian douchebags come to mind.This sounds like some dumb middle school drama, just dump this idiot, find a man that wants to support you, not tell you you're wrong.Alright fixed that, good catch.Packet tracer, GNS3, and live equipment. 

  
Also, if you just want to experiment with home networks, look for a wifi router that has VLAN switching built in, and you could configure your internet to say work on one vlan, but not the other, but still have file sharing access to the internet-less, vlan.
  


To sum up your question, you would use subnets to separate networks, normally your home network is 192.168.0.1 with a mask of 255.255.255.0 (/24)

  
This means you can only use 192.168.0.1 - 192.168.0.254
  
If you tried to use 192.168.1.X as your PC's IP and your router is on the 192.168.0.X subnet, your PC wouldn't get internet. Your home router wouldn't be able to communicate if it's not on the same subnet. 
  
However, if you changed the subnet mask to /23 or 255.255.254.0 , this would technically put the 192.168.0.X on the same subnet as 192.168.1.X.

  
Ultimately, in an enterprise network, you will divide offices into separate subnets, and you might configure a printer to only work for subnet X, subnet Y might have access to shared folders, subnets X Y both have access to 10Mb/s of  internet, and so on.
   Estimated Network Damage - Salary = Severance PackageI never used a rig but I can give you some stats:
   
I've been using pens for about 2 years, and usually go through ~2-3g a week. 
  
The tolerance will usually stay the same, but if I get some low quality bho, than I consume more obviously.
    
On rig videos I've seen, they are doing like .25g dabs every time. I never dab that much at once in my pen, maybe over the course, of an hour long session sometimes.
  
I usually do 2-3, 1/16th gram size balls, on my v3, every few hours or so. 
  
1g can last 5-6 days some times if it's really high quality, I doubt a g will last anyone that long on a rig.
   
Also, the portability is helping you consume less, because you fine tune the temp to where you need to be, most efficiently.
   
Again, it's all I know, I haven't used nails or rigs before, and I don't plan to, because I am happy with my pen so far. 
  
TLDR: After vaping on pens ~2 years, my tolerance is set around 2g a week, using a rig might destroy my vape equilibrium, so I am sticking to my pen.I saw a few nin shows, they were pretty long like 3 hours, and usually covered a lot of older songs too. 
   
It would be cool if they did a new tour for all the old CDs again though.
  
Like one tour for each old CD, so there would be multiple tours.I run my own VPN and get this often, the ubuntu server uses the provider's IP.
  
I didn't get these until I downloaded adblock for chrome. Then it almost instantly started asking me for captchas. 
   
If it's not your IP block that's soft-banned, it may be a plugin.
  
EDIT: Also doubtful I had malware, as I was using a freshly updated 8.1 install, with a firewall and a sandboxed browser. I did also disable a bunch of Windows services that could have triggered some tracking system in chrome?> articfox firmware

Looks cool, I really like 1.03. Is there a reason for the custom firmware over the stock one?  1. 33.3 watts and 330 F  
  2. 33.3 watts and 320 F   
  3. 40.0 watts and 310 F   
  
That's what I've tried so far, I just got the mod so I am figuring it out too.
  The logo files for the pico:

  http://imgur.com/a/YUZ4nYou have to wonder how many people who would discover an exploit like this, would actually report it LOLMy huion gt is working pretty good. I would get the HD 1920 IPS, I happen to have found the discountinued GT 1080p model, their drivers work good on win8 for me so far.Any company in US probably has to submit to these requests, even if it's an international client, this is why TPB went to host in havens. 
   
EDIT::International jurisdiction, and no amnesty for data overseas. I think the Rule 41 updates make it so that they can do this now.Cool looks like old warcraft when they're building, now you just need to add some peasants and construction sounds.I feel the same about subscription models. I hate any type of DRM and "always-on" requirements, maybe I'm just old? 
     
About to get into Unity networking as soon as I finish my installer/updater. Do all RPC's require a multiplayer subscription (Unity or Photon)? 
  
I am wondering if the Unity Editor will limit connection numbers once I start working with live RPCs and stress testing my own linux server (not Photon or UNET). Are the networking API's going pro/sub only?Try the time knob in the sampler settings, right click it and press none or auto. 
  
If that doesn't work, it may be possible that you have an automation track recorded somewhere. These can be hard to find at first (sometimes they don't show up in the playlist pattern you recorded automation on). Using the file browser is easiest. Under automation clips, or initialized controls, just delete the clip.Anyone know how the RA is compared to the dt 2.5?
  
Been thinking about getting a kiln, so far I'm seeing $10 for the 2 pack replacement coil. And the whole atomizer is $20.

   
Is this a good price? 

  
I really like the v2.5 shallow bowl, the deep ones have the coils to close to the bottom, maybe it was because it was a clone? Either way, I'm looking to either, get another few 2.5s or try the kiln before I save the money for the 3.0 to make sure I'm not missing anything. 

  

Current goal is to save for dt3.0, sai, and finally a herc with the nibbler. If any one wants to barter, I can do some moderate/advanced graphic design, 3D,  or web/app development.

  
   
I really like this sub and everyone, just send me a pm, would definitely enjoy putting some of my skills to work for you guys. 

Took a lot to get off that homeless man's poop. That pill probably fell out of his ass while he was giving head to another bum in the back alley.
  
IIRC fecal matter has only ever stood the test of time, to potentiate stimulating drugs, by release of serotonin and dopiminergic cytokineses parthenogenesis.Load in slicex , auto slice , export one by one.I would say the beginning, networking if it's not local, can be expensive, so it definitely needs to be calculated in the budget at the start.

  
The overhead of networking is why a few f2p games were shut down.
  
 It must be calculated how much you will spend on dedicated servers, before projected profits from micro transactions supercede network costs, and how many players it would take to start having a return.I haven't dropped mine yet, nor do I have like 20 apps installed, I just use it for gmail and reddit.
  
It never gets very hot, even when I'm taking pictures, I think that's a good sign that it's not a defective unit.
   
A lot of people reported their phones were getting hot while charging or high SOT.
  
Apps could cause a lot of problems, especially migrating older phones from past versions of Android, that would let apps run in the background at 100% did damage over time. Some of the solder contacts could degrade, but new features added Android govern voltage and restrict apps running in the background, so there could be a lot of damage done depending how abused the phone was before Nougat.
  
Less abused phones, running mostly on Nougat probably won't ever have the bootloop issues if it is officially a soldering problem. I think most thermal problems were probably solved in Nougat's new voltage regulation mechanisms, it almost seems there should be a recall if a lot of people have the issue.Wow, you'd think Google would release hotfixes or patches during the month. 
    
When there's a big bug like dirty cow, it was patched in most Linux distros the next day, Google is raising the bar with security patches, but it's not enough.
   
After the botnet attacks, it was only a matter of time until the terrabit botnet comprised of old unpatched android phones, would be able stand up against the onslaught of backdoored IoT devices.I sense a revolution soon.Looks really cool, hope the rest of the game actually fits this style. 
  
It seems hard to match the environment with 3D characters that are equally as cool. They would have to be concepted / textured specifically around this luminescenty environment.

It can be done, and you would have a solid game with just visuals alone.Problem with pens is, they are locked at certain watts, so you can only use THOSE VENDORS coils/attys. For juice OK, but for dry attys you want a variable wattage mod battery.
  

1. EVIC VTC MINI (www.ebay.com, get a battery too)
  
2. SAIONARA ATOMIZER W/ ALL THREE AVAILABLE COILS (www.humboltvapetech.com)
  
3. [Optional] HERCULES W/NIBBLER (www.w9tech.com)

  
This is the bees knees selection, and highest end you can get, you can always throw in a cheaper box mod, like an iStick, or eVic mini basic, but make sure it's in the sub-ohm range (goes below 1 ohm resistance), and has temp/watt/voltage controls. For Hercules, make sure you have over 9volts. My iStick only goes to 8v, so I will be upgrading when I decide to get the Hercules.
  

Can someone explain why a team of people would spend a whole month, coding and creating a game, for no prize or reward?
  
Is there any actual cases of people/teams, who didn't have better things to do, than create a game for free, that became successful after winning one of these things?

  
Or is it just for kids or people that don't have real studio overheads, and bills to pay?

  
EDIT: Not trying to come off as toxic, but I can't imagine having the time for this, unless there were a $10k+ reward, at least. Especially if it were all open-source, and you probably couldn't sell the game afterwards, while having a team full of developers/artists to pay. 

Thanks, you guys rock, I just sent you a private message.Seems like possibly a faulty cable that wasn't wired properly, or maybe even shielded? 
  
A wire inside could have touched with a another wire inside the cable and created a loop, which then heated the male end so much that this could happen. 
  
Was it an aftermarket cable?Apps running in the background.R33 are the VRMs:
 
https://i.imgur.com/QKdqyKz.jpg

From reading other threads, it seems the VRM only reaches devastating temps *(to circuits around the VRM)*, when the core temp is ~80c, can you confirm this?Depends what you're playing, maxing the card at 100% voltage on games like furmark, witcher, and BF1 seems to be the problem. 

  
Also, I think most the problems are happening with the latest drivers, and mostly at 1440p+Can't say, better just contact EVGA for the free pads just in case.
  
It's just a small sticker pad, that you stick on a chip underneath the cooler, it's literally 8 screws, it's pretty easy to install the pads.


  
4 screws to remove the cooler, unclip the fan and LED headers and the cooler is off. 
  
Several other screws to remove the backplate and frontplate (unsure if both are required to be removed).
  
Then clean up GPU and cooler, replace TIM and reassemble. The removal and clean up can be done in 10 mins. 
  
The trickiest part is getting the fan and LED headers clipped back on to PCB prior to attaching cooler as the cable has virtually no slack (on my SC ACX3.0 anyway).

  
**Here's a clean shot of the thermal pad layout on both 1070 and 1080:**
  
http://oi63.tinypic.com/2ppa8zs.jpg
  
*Note: You probably won't have to teardown the entire board like this pic, he was modding his founder's edition, to a DIY hybrid*Looking back over some of the suggestions, I have tried all racetams and afinils they did nothing for me. 
  
But here's a few I skimmed over and haven't tried:
  
Sunifram, Huaperzine, centrophenoxine, forskolin, memantine, semax. 

  
Be careful, I've read cases of people getting liver failure off of green tea extract, which is EGCG, a lot of nootropic places sell that one, it didn't have the negative effect on me, but I got lucky supposedly  because I have a special gene.

  
Out of that list above, I'd say Sunifram, and Forskolin are worth a shot, I've seen a lot of mixed reviews about everything else. Also for focus I've heard a lot about Bacopa, but it has to be combined with something else, can't remember what.DAMN RUSSIANS! *Changes people's votes to Democrat*Sad, all the suggestions do nothing for me, I'm starting to feel like this sub is just an echo chamber for salesmen's alt accounts to buff their products... IMO caffeine is the best but the tolerance sucks.Did you get a text saying..."I can try and slow him down if we think it will matter, or we just let him do what he keeps threatening to do and see if he does it." ? 

  
I'm willing to bet you're running Windows 10, with the NSA backdoor in it, that somehow the terrorist hackers found out how to exploit, and they're just doing their trial runs, rootkitting the PC, and making the card appear to be not OC'd, when infact it really is, so they can always use that as another weapon in their arsenal of destruction.Massive DOS attack last night / today, a lot of websites are down for specific areas. 
 Yeah, it's the standard "always on VPN", I guess as long as ports 500/4500 aren't blocked on 3g/4g it should work. 

  
I just sent you an email Justen, thanks!Damn, and here I am with just an average mobo that doesn't have USB C. Don't really feel that ecstatic about being able to download pictures while charging, because I usually grab all my pics/videos through Google Drive, or command line ADB, which both work while charging.I hate when games combine the two types of dungeons, or backtracking in general when before it wasn't required.Then they can stop back dooring our firmware images!I don't think people want Trump as much as they, don't want things like the TPP / TPA. 

  
So in a way Trump has a following because he's against those things, that people don't really have a lot of time to study, but are horrible for all of our freedom, that dems want to sneak under your noses, behind cosed doors, secret bills voted upon at the last minute, without even the people voting on it having the chance to read.
  
That is why people vote Trump.

  
Sure you can spin Trent as anti-trump, and blast that on your liberal score card, but that doesn't mean he ever had the time or chance to become as educated about hidden matters, that the rest of us with time on our hands can take the time to study, and see. 

  
Money can buy figures, and Trent/Leo are no exception. A mass brexit is what elites buying our favorite people are most afraid of, so they push TPP and TPA for another bail out. The dems are their puppets.

  ...
  
I'll still respect T, even if he sells out, but you gotta be a fool to think he didn't get paid to have those opinions.

  

...
  
"The TPP is a horrible deal. It is a deal that is going to lead to nothing but trouble. It's a deal that was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone. It's 5,600 pages long. So complex that nobody's read it. It's like Obamacare; nobody ever read it. They passed it; nobody read it. And look at mess we have right now. And it will be repealed."It's a full moon sacrifice to the sequencer gods for good fortune and sales, not a marketing stunt.Never used it before, but whenever I think of a game made by RPG maker, I imagine the game will look exactly like the last game that I saw made by RPG maker.
  
Also, I think these type of point-and-click, drag-and-drop, "create your own game without any programming" type gimmicks, undermine and undercut people who devote their time and lives to actually learning to make games.

  
Imagine you spent 15 years learning to make games, and finally you go to release your first title, but then it doesn't sell, because everyone and their brother just drag and dropped a few premade assets into a scene, and changed some character names, and now their games drown out and saturate a once-viable market.

  
These programs are cancer, and exactly why we need new platforms like Steam, that have stronger vetting processes, that can increase visibility of QUALITY indie games.
  
Now a day, any mediocre, no talent, cheaply made, drag-n-dropped game can make it into Steam, this is a bad thing, because now the market is completely over saturated with cheap crappy games, lacking quality, forcing people with no choice but to spend thousands on marketing, just to get their games noticed.Without a VPN this can happen on any public network,  even if it's secured. It's also possible that your ISP router is hacked from hard coded backdoors, admin passwords, or lack of patching. Leaving this attack possible even remotely.

   
An encrypted VPN is the best way to secure yourself.So far I've only seen this happening to the white phones, maybe Google is secretly racist?Lol, when you get it back again, the other side will be bent and broken. Good luck.This is a joke but...
Engine?I like how this game looks so good, it could be released in a few months, but because he has only 2-3k followers, he said in the comments that it wasn't even close to being ready.
  
You are a genius, build up this game FOREVER, then when you get about 20-30k followers, then release, very good strategy, the game looks really good.
  
EDIT: Oh and a heads up, there is some guy on 9gag posting game gifs as his own, I would put a watermark on your gifs.Yeah that is the nature of the su binary, but one could always LD_PRELOAD, around a notification, or verficiation overlay.Oh my bad didn't know it was in AUD, pretty nice processor for only $200 USD, I'd say it's a decent budget build. I went for budget performance with the 6700k and z170 though.I could be wrong but with root any program could have a function to check for root, and then bypass all limitations, sure you could pretend that the notification would alert you to such happenings, but the reality is that that could all be bypassed pretty easily, and your would never be able do tell.That processor is too expensive. Spend 25 more and get the 6700kAre you putting that on your resume, that you're going for Net+ as well? I would think this is common knowledge that this cert is above that one, and if I saw on a resume that someone was going for that, after having a CCNA, I would think there was something up.Gamers love their PC's being taken control of and being used in botnets, even the streamer's viewers love it! Not a security issue at all!It's OK, they down-voted me for saying this feature was a security risk. LOLThere's literally an army of people, posting that this feature is not a security risk, that they know the source code of the game via .NET disassembles, and the game isn't made to do more than just send browser commands. They even down-voted my post stating that it's a security risk.LOL, so many people downvoted my comment reiterating the danger of this, claiming that they could only send commands to the browser, but not actually spy on the user, man people are naive. Really? Are the debug symbols included?

  
I doubt these tools would work in the case of native code, you might be able to see that there is a .NET call to a native function, but you will not see the contents of that function.